The following text is extracted and transformed from the markattwood.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-01-26. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
MarkAttwood.com Privacy Statement - Digital Marketing Consultant, Author & Speaker – Mark Attwood.
You are here:
Home
MarkAttwood.com Privacy Statement
MarkAttwood.com is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK, in particular the Data Protection Act 1988. The purpose of this statement is to explain to you what personal information we collect and how we may use it.
When you order, we need to know your Name, Address, Contact Details and Delivery Details (if these are not the same). This allows us to process and fulfil your order. You have the option to withhold personal information that is not required for the order process.
We use your personal information only to fulfil your order.
We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons.
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access in accordance with the UK data protection legislation.
We do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provide it. In order to maintain the accuracy of our database, you can check, update or remove your personal details by logging in to your account in the Registered Users section.
We do not use cookies to identify you when you visit our website. We do use cookies for affiliates but this is only to identify the affiliate as the source of traffic, not to identify you.
We will not transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) without first obtaining your consent.
We do not send random marketing emails to personal email addresses (spam).
If you have any questions about privacy please contact us by using our contact form here.
