The following text is extracted and transformed from the aatravel.co.za privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy policy | Automobile Association of South Africa
Privacy policy
Please note that the terms of theGeneral Policy Terms and Conditions is applicable to this policy document and its terms are accordingly incorporated herein as if specifically incorporated, mutatis mutandis.
Definitions
“ AA Webpages ”: means the AA website and all other related social media or means of communication’ including but not limited to www.aa.co.za website, www.facebook.com/AASouthAfrica, www.twitter.com/AASouthAfrica, www.twitter.com/MyAATraffic, , www.linkedin.com/company/automobile-association-of-south-africa?trk=biz-companies-cym, www.aaecard.co.za, and aacommunity.aa.co.za;
“ Personal Information ”: information relating to an identifiable, living, natural person, and where it is applicable, identifiable, existing juristic person, including all information as defined in the Protection of Personal Information Act No. 4 of 2013;
“ You ” or the “ user ” means any person who accesses and browses this website for any purpose.
AA Privacy Policy
This privacy policy forms part of the AA’s website terms and conditions. If you do not agree with any of the terms of this privacy statement, cease access of all AA Webpages immediately.
We respect, and are committed to protecting, your privacy. This privacy policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used in terms of the relevant legislation.
This privacy statement governs the processing of personal information provided to the AA through your use of the website as well as the steps we will take to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this policy.
Due to legal and other developments, the AA may amend these terms and conditions from time to time. It is your duty to remain apprised of the current version of this privacy statement.
By continuing to browse or use this policy statement after a revised policy statement becomes effective constitutes your agreement to observe this privacy statement as may be revised.
This policy is in effect for all AA Webpages.
The AA Webpages track the content you access individually, but individual information on accessed content is deemed private and is therefore not made public.
This information is used internally only at the AA as it relates to our business processes, customer care, and in the overall processes of improving our business and service offering.
What Information Is Collected and How Is It Collected?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer's "Internet Protocol" (IP) address.
When a visitor requests a page from an AA Webpage, our web servers automatically recognise that visitor's domain name and IP address.
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site.
We use this information to examine website interactivity.
Our web servers do not record email addresses of visitors.
How Are Single-Pixel Gifs or Tracking Scripts Used?
AA Webpages use both single-pixel GIF images and tracking scripts, sometimes referred to as web bugs or web beacons, to evaluate website interactivity and gather both general statistical information and individual information relating to content accessed.
The AA uses tracking scripts that can track personal information from cookies that may have been previously placed on a user's computer and are able to identify individually users who have interacted with email communications sent from the AA.
What Other Information Is Requested?
We may also request your personal details, including but not limited to, name, email address, and mailing address for the purposes of registering as a mobile application user, buyer or seller, conducting a survey, or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions to email newsletters, announcement lists or information).
Whenever we need to request the identity of a visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested. We maintain a strict "No-Spam" policy. We will also not sell or rent your email address to a third-party.
When you enter a contest or other promotion, we may ask for your name, address, and email address so that we can administer the contest and notify winners. Your personal information will be retained by us only for the duration of the event for which the information is required.
Will We Disclose the Information We Collect to Outside, Third Parties?
The AA Webpages will disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on the AA;
protect and defend the rights or property of the AA or visitors to AA Webpages;
identify persons who may be violating the law, the legal notice, or the rights of third parties;
co-operate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities;
for the purpose of carrying out credit checks on potential buyers.
What Else Should I Know About My Privacy When Online?
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through
email, discussion lists, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information.
Automatic Information
This information enables us to run site usage tools and create statistics about our site.
These statistics give us a better understanding of how our site is being used and what we can do to make it more useful to visitors.
If you are an existing customer and we have your information already on file, provided that we obtained such personal information with your authorisation, we may use individual information or aggregated information to enhance our relationship with you or improve our service.
Information You Provide Us
We use the information that you provide us (both online and offline) to respond to your requests, customise the material presented to you, based on your past visits to our website, to communicate with you, to improve the content of our website, and to improve our service offering.
The primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with customised services, features, and content and to give you an efficient personalised experience that best meets your needs.
If you choose to identify yourself by sending us an email, interacting with an email sent to you, or completing an online form, AA employees will have access to such information to contact you for follow-up and direct marketing purposes.
We also aggregate information on what pages you access.
Website interaction and information submitted by you, such as survey information and/or comments or feedback, may be stored in a personally identifiable format and will be used only for internal purposes and will not be shared with people or organisations outside of AA.
Use Of "Cookies"
From time to time, the AA may send a cookie to your computer.
A cookie is a small piece of data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. No personal information is stored in this cookie.
We use cookies to identify unique website users and the areas of the AA website you have visited. This information may be used to personalise our services to you. We do not record any information other than how you interact with the AA website.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
The AA uses remarketing to reach users who have previously visited specific pages on the AA website and to communicate relevant messages to users, related to the content on that page and the user’s interest. These ads will be shown on sites across the internet by third-party vendors including Google who use cookies to serve ads based on the user’s past visits on the AA website.
Users can opt-out of use of cookies by visiting the double click opt-out page.
AA cannot be held liable for a user’s personalised information changing or being deleted as a result of the user’s disablement or deletion of cookies.
Email Communication
The AA, from time-to-time, distributes an online newsletter and announcements relating to AA services that we believe will interest AA clients.
The AA recognises that users may not wish to be contacted about new or related services; therefore, you may opt-out of any email marketing or newsletters that may result from use of the site. When you receive an email, you will be given instructions on how to remove yourself from that list.
All our email communications are tracked to evaluate interaction success and to understand better how stakeholders are responding to communications.
Typically, the AA uses email tagging to identify the links in the email on which you click and how you interact with the AA Webpages. This information may be linked to the unique cookie stored on your hard drive.
Your consent to this agreement
By using the AA Webpages, you consent to the collection and use of information by us as specified above.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it, always conforming to current legislation.
The AA reserves the right to change this policy from time-to-time without prior notice.
Processing of Personal Information:
By providing your personal information to the AA you acknowledge that it has been collected directly from you and consent to its processing by the AA.
Where you submit person information, such as name, address, telephone number and email address, via an AA Webpage e.g. through completing any online entry form, the following principles are observed in the processing of that information:
The AA will collect personal information only for a purpose consistent with the purpose for which it is required. The specific purpose for which information is collected will be apparent form the context in which it is requested and in a manner that is adequate, relevant and not excessive in the context of the purpose for which it is processed.
Personal information will be processed only for a purpose compatible with that for which it was collected, unless you have agreed to an alternative purpose in writing or the AA is permitted in terms of national legislation of general application dealing primarily with the protection of personal information.
The AA will not disclose any personal information relating to you to any third party unless your prior written agreement is obtained, or the AA is required to do so by law.
The AA will destroy or delete any personal information that is no longer needed by the AA for the purpose it was initially collected, or subsequently processes.
As permitted by the Electronic Communications and Transactions Act No. 25 of 2002, the AA may use personal information collected to compile profiles for statistical purposes. No information contained in the profiles or statistics will be able to be linked to any specific user.
Collection of Anonymous Data:
The AA may use standard technology to collect information about the use of the AA Webpages. This technology is not able to identify individual users but simply allows the AA to collect statistics.
Security:
The AA takes reasonable measures to ensure the security and integrity of information submitted to or collected by the AA Webpages, but cannot under any circumstances be held liable for any loss or other damage sustained by you as a result of unlawful access to or dissemination of any personal information
by a third party.
Links to Other Websites :
The AA has no control over, and accepts no responsibility for, the privacy practices of any third party websites to which hyperlinks may have been provided and the AA strongly recommends that you review the privacy statement of any website you visit before you use it any further.
Queries:
If you have any queries about this privacy policy please contact us.
