The following text is extracted and transformed from the wanderlist.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-02-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
w a n d e r l i s t - Privacy & Information Usage Policy
|
created on September 6th, 1998
updated on July 1st, 2004
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique 'cookie' on your browser.
No user specific information, such as name, email address, or specific viewing habits, will be sold or released under any circumstances, unless subpoenaed by a court of law in the United States of America.
Aggregate information about a cross section of users may be used by wanderlist to improve the delivery of site content.
Neither wanderlist , nor any site created within the wanderlist domain will practice the distribution of unsolicited email, commonly known as spam.
wanderlist may provide email based services to end users who specifically request to be notified by email.
All email based services will provide for a mechanism allowing an end user to request a stop to receipt of email.
Cookies in the wanderlist.com domain will be used to track users as they use the website to both enhance the user experience (mostly by providing login capabilities) and to prevent abuse of the site.
All lists, list items and other submitted content and information become the property of wanderlist once submitted. All aggregation of voting and other data and calculations associated with lists and list items is the property of wanderlist.
Lists and list items are not checked for accuracy or authenticity, though blatant mistakes or nonsensical submissions are removed from public display in the course of normal review.
This document will be accessible from every page in the wanderlist root web site and will be updated as new and better practices with regard to information usage are discovered.
Feedback on this policy is encouraged. Please direct your comments or any questions you may have to webmaster@wanderlist.com.
