The following text is extracted and transformed from the timeanddate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement for timeanddate.com
We have a firm commitment to your privacy and data transparency at timeanddate.com.
This page discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for timeanddate.com. It also includes information regarding the processing of privacy information as stated in the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of May 25, 2018.
Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Data
We store some personal data in three cases:
When consent is given by users
When processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such as the basic functionality of our site and services
When processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, such as storing payment records for our supporters and subscribers
Personal Data We Process
At timeanddate.com, we process some personal data. Below is a description of what, how, and why we gather and store user data.
For all users who visit our website, we store:
Web server log: IP address, pages visited by that IP address, link clicked to get here, browser name and version, and time stamp
Third parties collect similar information; see “Third-Party Privacy Policies” below
For all users who actively make changes to site settings, we store:
Setting preferences, which are not personally identifiable, i.e., the cookies are stored in the browser and not on our servers. These settings include:
Calendar settings
Preferred units (temperature, distance, wind speed, etc.)
Cities in your Personal World Clock
“Home” location
For users who sign in to their personal user account, we also store:
Your email address (will not be sold nor distributed to any third party unrelated to timeanddate.com)
Your password (hashed)
Your chosen username, if any
List of log-ins (stored for up to 90 days)
Log of changes you made to your account (stored for up to 90 days)
Events added in PDF calendar lists
For newsletter subscribers, we store:
Email address, IP address, and time of sign-up
Newsletters received and opened
Additional parameters may be stored by MailChimp, who we use to send our newsletter; see “Third-Party Privacy Policies” below
For paying supporters and subscribers, in addition to the above-mentioned data, we also store:
Payment information: either the PayPal address or the last four digits of the credit card used for payment and a log of the steps taken to fulfill your order (stored for up to 90 days)
Country of residence and, if submitted, street address, state, city, and ZIP/postal code
Email address, if different than the one registered for the user account
We use Braintree and Paypal for payments; see “Third-Party Privacy Policies” below
IP Address and Cookies
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our websites. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
Short-lived cookies die when you close the browser. Most long-lived cookies are stored for 10 years (1 year in the EU), to ensure your settings are not lost even if you visit the site infrequently, e.g., such as printing a calendar once a year. All cookies are stored in your browser, so your settings are lost when the cookies are deleted. You can avoid losing your settings by registering a free user account.
When creating an account, you agree to our terms and conditions.
Servers and Content Distribution
Our servers are located in the USA, Germany, Singapore, Australia, and Norway. We also rely on third parties to host our services and our infrastructure, and to distribute our content, such as the newsletter.
We take regular backups of our servers. Older backups are stored offline and are only used to recover data after a server crash or other incidents.
Sensitive Information
We have security measures in place. We will never ask for sensitive information. In the GDPR, “sensitive information” is defined as: “personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.” We recommend you do not add such information to our services, such as calendars, countdowns, or any other timeanddate.com application.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. timeanddate.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the linked websites.
We use SurveyMonkey for online surveys. We may ask for your contact information, such as your email address. This information is used to contact you if necessary.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit timeanddate.com. These companies may use aggregated information about your visits to this and other websites to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. For more information about this practice and your possibility to opt out, click here.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
We facilitate logging in and sharing via social media accounts
We use Braintree and Paypal for supporters and subscribers
We use MailChimp to distribute our Newsletter
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website and/or other websites
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and/or other websites
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting YourAdChoices or our privacy settings page
Third parties we use for advertising:
Index Exchange
Exponential
Subject to your consent, Exponential Interactive, Inc collects and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website to provide targeted online advertising and ad measurement. You may change your consent decision at any time. For more details including access requests and complaints, review their privacy policy or contact their data protection officer via privacy@exponential.com
Exponential uses ANON_ID (persistent tracking cookie), by domain tribalfusion.com. The anonymous hashed id in the cookie links the web user's browser to a profile which contains the behaviours the user has displayed. This is stored for 3 months.
Google DFP/AdX
Google Admob
OpenX
App Nexus
Rubicon Project
Conversant
Sovrn
Criteo
Sonobi
RhythmOne
District-M
bRealTime
Microsoft
Third parties we use for logging in:
Facebook
Google
Microsoft
LinkedIn
Amazon
Right to Receive Information
As of May 25, 2018, the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides every user the right to receive a copy of the information we have stored about them. You may download a copy of your personal data on our privacy settings page.
Deleting Stored Data
Users have the right to have personal information deleted upon request. You can delete your user account via the button at the bottom of your account page.
If you have sent us emails, and you want to delete them, please send an email to webmaster@timeanddate.com.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
Time and Date AS
Kanalsletta 4
NO-4033 Stavanger
Norway
webmaster@timeanddate.com
Become a Supporter
Help us keep up the good work. More
