The following text is extracted and transformed from the newcityjob.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Collection of your Personal Information
CITYJOB collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number, work experience and other such data associated with a resume for job applications all over the World..
Please keep in mind that, when you apply to jobs advertised onCITYJOB, your resume data in your CITYJOB account and any other information that you disclosed during your job application will be made available to the companies you applied to. It is our policy to discuss specific vacancies with candidates prior to submitting their CV to the client, but this may not always be possible.
Use of your Personal Information
CITYJOB collects and uses your personal information to operate newcityjob.com and deliver the services you have requested. CITYJOB also uses your personal information to inform you of other products or services available from CITYJOB and its affiliates. CITYJOB may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
CITYJOB does not sell, rent or lease its user or registered member lists to third parties. CITYJOB may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
CITYJOBmay access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CITYJOB or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CITYJOB and its family of websites; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CITYJOB, its websites, or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed at any country in whichCITYJOB or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country and of Pakistan.
Security of your Personal Information
_CITYJOB is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. In case of any problem company is not responsible. You must enter your information on your risk. _
