The following text is extracted and transformed from the newedge.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-08-26. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Notice
In connection with your relationship with Newedge UK Financial Limited and Newedge USA, LLC (together “Newedge”), we may collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, assets and income;
Information about your transactions with Newedge, Newedge affiliates or other third-parties, such as that pertaining to your account balance, account transactions, payment history and parties to transactions; and
Information Newedge receives from a consumer reporting agency, such as that pertaining to your creditworthiness and credit history.
Newedge does not disclose nonpublic personal information about you to anyone, except as permitted by law. Accordingly, Newedge restricts disclosure of nonpublic personal information about you to:
Newedge employees who need to know that information to provide you products or services,
Affiliates (including, among others, Societe Generale), and
Non-affiliated third-parties as necessary to process your transactions, service your account or otherwise as permitted by law. The types of nonpublic personal information Newedge may disclose to such recipients are listed above.
If you decide to close your account(s) or become an inactive customer, we will adhere to the privacy policies and practices as described in this notice. Newedge does not sell personal nonpublic information about current or former customers to any third-parties or share that information with third-parties for marketing purposes.
In short, Newedge places great importance on holding customer personal and financial information in strict confidence. In this regard, Newedge maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard your personal nonpublic information.
This notice is being issued pursuant to federal statutory and regulatory requirements, and is designed to comply fully with such provisions.
January 2014
