The following text is extracted and transformed from the newmyroyals.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Newmyroyals & Hollywood Fashion: Term Of Use & Privacy Policy
Contact Information
Copyright or concerns or questions about this privacy policy and can be directed to info@newmyroyals.com
for further clarification.
Terms of Use - Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously. This policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it. (This privacy policy is applicable to websites falling under the primary holder The NEWMYROYALS - HOLLYWOOD FASHİON - http://www.newmyroyals.com/)
Privacy
We do not share personal information with third-parties nor do we store information we collect about your visit to this blog for use other than to analyze content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser's settings. We are not responsible for the republishing of the content found on this blog on other Web sites or media without our permission. This privacy policy is subject to change without notice."
Blog Comments
The owner of this blog reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to this blog without notice due to;
1. Comments deemed to be spam or questionable spam
2. Comments including profanity
3. Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive
4. Comments that attack a person individually
Images on this blog are copyright to its respectful owners. If there is an image appearing on this blog that belongs to you and do not wish for it appear on this site, please E-mail with a link to said image and it will be promptly removed.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Special Note About Google Advertising
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
We would like to inform you that we are now using Google interest-based advertising technology. This technology is implemented by us http://www.newmyroyals.com using Google. This will not be used to identify you or your location, it will be used only to help our advertising system ( Adsense ) provided by Google to show more relevant Ads to our visitors.
About Google advertising: What is the _DoubleClick DART cookie? The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher’s website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy._
Also Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Blogger won't collecting personal information from readers. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads to your users based on their previous experiences. Google uses the DoubleClick cookie. Users can opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google Ad Settings page.
_ Contact Information_
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to info@newmyroyals.com for further clarification.
