The following text is extracted and transformed from the newsquench.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
NewsQuench | Privacy
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Trump nixes pay raise for federal workers, citing budget deficit
President Trump wrote in a letter to Congressional leaders Thursday that he is cancelling annual pay raises for federal employees in light of surging federal deficits.
Trump dismisses need for U.S.-South Korean military exercises
Rick Docksai - Aug 31, 2018
Less than a day after his defense secretary said U.S.-South Korean military exercises might resume, President Trump said there is no need for them as his relationship with North Korea's Kim Jong Un is "good" and "warm."
Immigration officials extend freeze on fast-tracked H-1B visas
Rick Docksai - Aug 31, 2018
Immigration officials said that, due to a massive backlog of H-1B visa applications, they will suspend expedited approval of any new applications until February of next year.
Astronauts will launch into space from U.S. soil next year, says NASA
Rick Docksai - Aug 28, 2018
NASA Administrator told reporters that his agency "without question" will be launching crewed missions from Cape Canaveral to the International Space Station by the middle of next year.
Alcohol consumption at any level is hazardous, researchers warn
Rick Docksai - Aug 28, 2018
You may have heard that a little wine is good for the heart, but a new analysis of hundreds of earlier studies finds that alcohol consumption at any level seems to do more harm than good.
Michael Cohen's attorney says he has "proof" Trump committed a crime
Rick Docksai - Aug 23, 2018
President Trump had a direct hand in the hush-money payments that Michael Cohen arranged to Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal, and it is provable, said Cohen's attorney, Lanny Davis, which means that Trump himself is directly implicated in committing a crime.
DNC informs FBI of new cyber-attack of voter database
Rick Docksai - Aug 23, 2018
The Democratic National Committee told the FBI on Wednesday that hackers have just attempted another attack on its voter database much like the one in 2016.
Deported Mauritanians are in danger of slavery, torture, and murder
Rick Docksai - Aug 21, 2018
The Trump administration's deportation of dozens of Mauritanian nationals is drawing criticism from Amnesty International, which warned in a statement that the deportees will be at risk of grave human-rights abuses in their home country.
China's giant panda population is on the rebound
Rick Docksai - Aug 21, 2018
After decades of population decline, China's giant pandas are on the rise again, thanks in large part to Chinese species-conservation efforts, Chinese media reported last week.
Rising sea levels could sink Internet access for millions of users
Rick Docksai - Aug 20, 2018
If current forecasts of rising sea levels come true, seawater will submerge thousands of miles of Internet cables and sabotage Internet access for users everywhere, a report warns.
