The following text is extracted and transformed from the pingu.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Mattel Online Privacy Statement
Mattel Online Privacy Statement
Updated May 22, 2018
Your privacy is important to us at the Mattel family of companies. This privacy statement describes the information Mattel collects from you, through our interactions with you and through our Mattel Services, and how we use that information. It also describes what information third parties collect from you, and how we and they use that information. Key terms are italicized and underlined ( like this) and can be found in the Definitions section. This Privacy Statement provides examples of data we collect, how we use it, and choices you can exercise; these examples may not be exhaustive or exclusive.
This statement applies to Mattel Services, including Mattel Sites, apps, mobile apps, online services, and connected products. Mattel Sites are also subject to the MATTEL TERMS AND CONDITIONS. Other terms, end-user license agreements, or additional rules may apply. Each time you use Mattel Services, you agree to this statement. If you don’t agree with all the terms of this privacy statement, please do not use Mattel  Services.
We want you and your family to have fun using our services and urge you and your family to follow common sense when disclosing personal information, both through our services and anywhere else.
Children’s Privacy
We at Mattel pride ourselves on helping bring delight to children around the world and take our responsibility to children seriously. Please visit the  MATTEL CHILDREN'S PRIVACY STATEMENT for specific details on our children's privacy practices.
Child/children (kid/kids). Individuals who are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information. ****For most areas of the world, those are individuals under 13. In the European Economic Area (EEA), they are individuals under 16. We adhere to local definitions of “children” for Mattel Services located in jurisdictions where the age is different.
Information. Data we collect. It includes, in alphabetical order:
Automatically collected information. Information automatically collected when you use Mattel Services, including information to facilitate your experience and help us understand our visitors, like your device information, information about the network you are using to access Mattel Services (such as preferred language or online sites or services visited before you visit a Mattel Service), and content (including ads) that you see or click on.
Device information. Information about the device, browser, or app you are using to access a Mattel Service, such as operating system, browser information, Internet Protocol (IP) address, Universal Device Identifiers (UDID), and similar information.
Interest or demographic information. Information about a user’s favorite games, colors, Mattel characters, and similar preferences; or information about a visitor or user, such as gender, age, education, profession, occupation, or other information.
Location information. Information that allows you to be precisely located, such as through GPS coordinates on a mobile app.
Login information. Information to identify and validate a user to allow access to a Mattel Service. For children, this is usually a user name and password. For adults, this is usually a password plus some personal contact information, like an email address.
Order information. Information provided to purchase a product or Mattel Service, including details necessary to fulfill the transaction, such as products ordered, payment information, and personal contact information.
Payment information. Credit card numbers or other financial institution-issued information provided to complete a transaction, including (as applicable) personal contact information.
Personal information. Information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, address, email address, device identifier, telephone number, or assigned identifier. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, this anonymous information also is treated as personal information.
For children, personal information also includes photos, video, and audio of the child.
Personal contact information. Information that allows us to contact you directly, such as your full name, email address, home address, telephone number, mobile number, etc.
Survey information. Answers to surveys or questionnaires voluntarily provided.
Social sign-on information. Login information and other information (such as friend lists) from a social network that a user chooses to share with Mattel to access a Mattel Service or Mattel Site.
Third-party–provided information. Data shared with the Mattel family of companies through a third party.
User-generated content. Information you post or upload, like reviews, comments, videos or pictures, or social media interactions. Read more at User-Generated Content.
Interest-based advertising. Targeted ads for products and services that, based on your activities, are likely to be of interest to you.
Mattel family of companies. When we refer to the Mattel family of companies in this statement, we mean:
Mattel, Inc.,
Fisher-Price, Inc.,
Fuhu/nabi Brands,
American Girl Brands, LLC,
HIT Entertainment Limited, and
Mega Brands Inc.
Mattel Sites. Websites offered by the Mattel family of companies. See _ _ Mattel Services.
Mattel Services. All online services offered by the Mattel family of companies, including websites (Mattel Sites), apps, and connected products. Read more at Mattel Services.
Third party. A company unrelated to the Mattel family of companies, including third-party sites that we link to, or third parties that operate online stores or mobile app stores. Read more at Third-PartyPartners and Third-Party Technology Partners.
Third-party partner or third-party service provider. A third party that Mattel has engaged to help it provide Mattel Services, including agents, vendors, service providers, and others.
Third-party technology partners. Third parties whose technologies we use to offer content, understand our users, and deliver advertising.
Mattel Services are online services offered by the Mattel family of companies, including:
Mattel Sites,
Online Stores,
Enhanced Mattel Services
Apps, and
Connected products. Check specific connected product FAQS for info on features, who’s responsible for privacy, and what information is collected.
You may have to interface with a third party to make a purchase, download an app, or use a connected product.
You may have the opportunity to connect an app or connected product through a wireless service.
|
Mattel Sites
We offer Mattel Sites that feature games, information, shopping, and other interactive and static activities from the Mattel family of companies.
Some Mattel Sites or areas of sites are intended for children, and some are intended for adults. Learn more about sites for children and specific practices for them at our CHILDREN’S PRIVACY STATEMENT.
You do not have to share any personal contact information to use most Mattel Sites, but most Mattel Sites for adults and teens contain special sections and privileges for members who register.
Online Stores
We offer opportunities to purchase products in our online stores, apps, or through other media or business partners. Online stores are often part of a larger Mattel Site.
Customers must be over the age of 18 with a valid payment method to make a purchase.
When a customer places an order online, we will send a confirming email message.
We may also send an occasional email featuring a special promotion or product that may be of interest to customers.
Any customer who prefers not to receive an online order confirmation or promotional email may indicate this preference on the online store order form.
If you do receive marketing or promotional emails from us that you would rather not receive, simply follow the “unsubscribe” instructions included in each message.
You can also change your communication preferences in MATTEL COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES (except for American Girl) or in AMERICAN GIRL COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES (for American Girl only).
Please note that a request to unsubscribe from marketing or promotional emails will not affect transactional emails (such as those related to a purchase, paid subscription, or product registration).
Enhanced Mattel Services
Enhanced Mattel Services may be available to you or on behalf of your child for a monthly or other fee with some Mattel Services.
Only a parent or guardian can register children to participate in enhanced subscription Mattel Services or certain community features at Mattel Services.
To register your child , we will ask you to provide your login information in addition to your contact details and credit card information.
We may offer you the option to be billed automatically for subscription service fees.
If you elect to automatically renew a subscription, we or our trusted third-party partners will retain your registration information, including your credit card information, so we can process your request.
**Apps  **
We offer a variety of fun and engaging apps featuring our brands. In some cases, apps may be available through a Mattel Online Store, but most often when you download or purchase an app, or make an in-app purchase, you do so through a third-party mobile application online store. Visit LINKS AND THIRD PARTIES for more information.
Please note: Use of apps may be subject to an End-User License Agreement (EULA) in addition to our standard MATTEL TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Connected Products
Mattel offers parents and children a variety of products that connect to the internet. We sometimes work with third-party partners to offer connected products.
Some connected products, like connected baby monitors, are purely for parents’ use.
Use of connected products typically requires downloading an associated app.
Privacy practices for some connected products are the responsibility of a third party.
We provide FAQS and other information to help you understand specific connected product features (for example, whether they collect voice or visual data), who’s responsible for privacy, and what information we collect.
Wireless Services
We may communicate with you on your mobile device. To receive Mattel Services through a wireless connection, visitors must provide their consent and confirm their understanding that they will be charged by their carrier to send and receive messages according to their applicable service plan. You may be asked to reconfirm such agreement.
Standard messaging rates will apply unless otherwise indicated; if premium rates apply, visitors will be notified before registration.
Mattel is not responsible for wireless service charges, such as messaging fees, associated with accessing or connecting to Mattel Services
---|---
We collect information to allow you to register to use a Mattel Service. Login information is often all we need to register you.
We collect personal contact information.
We collect other personal information about you, such as interest or demographic information, etc.
We collect user-generated content where a Mattel Service gives you that option.
We collect device information, automatically collected information, and information that helps you access Mattel Services (such as login information, Wi-Fi network name, etc.).
|
We collect information from you and about you to provide you with Mattel Services. The information we collect depends on the specific Mattel Services involved.
We May Collect from You:
Login information.
Personal contact information.
Automatically collected information.
Social sign-on information.
Order information.
Payment information.
A ship-to name and address when you make a purchase and ask us to send it to you or to someone else.
Location information.
The email addresses, user names, or other information about friends to whom you wish to send an e-card or invite to participate in an offering on Mattel Services.
Information about your child (such as your child’s personal information and personal contact information, including interest or demographic information).
Information that allows us to confirm that you are the parent or legal guardian of your child, including your age.
User-generated content.
Wi-Fi network name.
Survey information.
---|---
We collect information:
that you share voluntarily;
to fulfill a transaction; and
automatically.
Please visit ABOUT COOKIES AND TECHNOLOGIES for more information on technologies used to collect your information automatically.
|
We Collect Information That You Share Voluntarily
You can use many of our Mattel Services without sharing any personal contact information. If you choose, you can share personal contact information, personal information, login information, interest or demographic information, or survey information about you or your child with us when you:
Register with a Mattel Service.
Play a game.
Use an interactive activity.
Make a purchase at one of our online stores (see WE COLLECT ORDER INFORMATION).
Order a catalogue.
Enter a sweepstakes or contest.
Sign up to receive information and offers.
Apply for a job online.
Respond to a survey or questionnaire.
Post user-generated content. Special rules apply; read more at USER-GENERATED CONTENT.
We Collect Order Information
When a customer puts an item in a shopping cart, places an order or requests a catalogue online, we collect order information associated with the transaction. This may include personal information about your child.
Customers may register when they place orders to conveniently complete an order and place future orders. When registered customers return to the Site to place subsequent orders, they can identify themselves with their login information.
We Collect Information Automatically When You Access a Mattel Service
We collect some automatically collected information, including device information , to provide you with appropriate Mattel Services or Mattel Sites (for example, in your language) when you use or visit them.
---|---
We collect information from you to serve your needs, manage our content and advertising, operate efficiently, and improve Mattel Services and products.
We collect information to do what you ask us to.
We collect information to provide you information on Mattel Services and products that you or your child may be interested in.
We collect information to support Mattel Services and operations.
We collect information to improve Mattel Services.
We collect informationto improve our products.
We collect information to offer you content.
We collect information to advertise to you.
We collect information to maintain security.
We collect information to protect our legal rights and the legal rights of others.
|
We collect information:
To provide you with Mattel Services.
To respond to your requests.
To verify you or your child’s age.
To complete a transaction.
To fulfill a transaction.
To confirm your order.
To give you updates about your order status.
To fulfill your free or paid subscriptions.
To notify winners in contests and sweepstakes.
To send you recommendations on Mattel Services of interest to you or your children.
To send you recommendations on products of interest to you or your children.
To send you marketing communications.
To send you catalogues.
To offer interest-based advertising.
To analyze and measure the effectiveness of our advertising.
To support Mattel Services.
To understand our visitors.
To improve our products.
To improve Mattel Services.
To develop new products.
To develop new Mattel Services.
To maintain the security, integrity, and quality of our products and Mattel Services.
To protect intellectual property.
To protect our legal rights.
To protect the legal rights of others.
We may work with third-party partners, including third-party technology partners, for some or all of these purposes. You can learn about some of these third parties by visiting ABOUT COOKIES AND TECHNOLOGIES.
We may combine all information we have collected to better understand your needs, improve Mattel Services and operations, manage content and advertising, send you offers and information, and better serve you.
If under the laws of your region we need to get your consent to collect the informationfor a particular purpose, we will do so at the time we collect the information.
---|---
We may share information as follows:
We share information we obtain within the Mattel family of companies, and with our third-party partners.
We share some personal contact information with third parties for marketing purposes with your consent.
As is customary with catalogue businesses, we share mailing addresses (but not email addresses) with other catalogue companies whose products and services may be of interest to you. Where required, we obtain your consent first. We give you the opportunity to opt out.
If you provide social sign-on information, Mattel shares information with your social network.
We share information about usage and interests that we obtain through cookies and technology with third-party technology partners, and obtain consent if required by applicable law. Find out more about Your Choices and Controls.
We share any information (including personal information) we obtain as necessary to satisfy a legal request or subpoena, protect property or personal safety, when a Mattel business is bought or sold, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
|
We share information that we obtain within the Mattel family of companies, and with our third-party partners for them to fulfill their tasks on our behalf.
Except as described in this Privacy Statement, we do not share personal contact information that we receive online from or about children with other companies outside the Mattel family of companies for their direct marketing purposes.
Sharing with Our Third-Party Partners
We may share your information with a variety of third-party partners. They:
Provide database and server maintenance and security.
Help us manage transactions.
Help us process and fulfill orders or requests.
Help us analyze our offerings.
They also provide other similar services to the Mattel family of companies. We require third-party partners that access information to safeguard the information.
Sharing with Third Parties for Marketing Purposes
We share certain names and mailing addresses of catalogue recipients with third parties whose catalogues may be of interest to you. Where required, we obtain your consent first. You can opt out at any time.
With your consent, Mattel shares personal contact information with outside companies that offer products or services that may interest you.
We will remove your name from the list we provide to outside companies if you contact us. Please visit Mattel Communications Preferences (except for American Girl) or American Girl Communications Preferences (for American Girl only).
Sharing with Social Networks
If you provide social sign-on information to log in to a Mattel Service or Mattel Site, information is shared with your social network, such as the fact that you logged in to a Mattel Service or Mattel Site, or your activity on the Mattel Service or Mattel Site. We may send messages via the social network to communicate with you.
Sharing with Third-Party Technology Partners
We share information about usage and interests that we obtain through cookies and technology with third-party technology partners, and obtain consent if required by applicable law. Find out more at Your Choices and Controls.
Sharing to Protect Legal Rights and Fulfill Legal Obligations
If Mattel believes that anyone’s behavior in any Mattel Service may damage us, Mattel Services, or any person or property, we may disclose personal information to prevent such harm. In that case, we might try to identify the wrongdoer, contact them, or bring legal action against them.
We may disclose personal information if we believe that the disclosure is required or permitted by law, or in response to a legal request or subpoena.
---|---
Mattel Services may link to or use other content from the internet. We do not control the data collection practices or terms of use of any third-party site. The third party’s privacy policy and terms of use apply to those sites.
Your computer or mobile device settings may allow you to block or partially block other content, but those settings may not be effective in all cases.
You may be able to order or register through a third-party vendor. The third party’s privacy policy and terms of service apply to activity conducted with the third-party vendor.
We work with third-party partners to offer Mattel Services.
|
Other Sites We Link to
Mattel Services may connect with other content from the internet that we do not control.
We may link to social media sites or sites that sell our products.
We may link to other third-party sites or services that we think you may find of interest.
We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policy and terms of use of the third-party providers, as they are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and Mattel is not responsible for them.
You may be able to alter settings on your browser, device, or other software to block those third parties. Sometimes those settings may not be effective.
Third-Party Vendors
When you place an order or register on a Mattel Service where transactions are handled by a third-party vendor (for example, PayPal), those transactions are conducted through the vendor’s website.
You should be sure to review the third party’s website terms and conditions and privacy policy before submitting any personal information or engaging in any transactions through the third-party site.
Mattel is not responsible for any transactions made with third parties, or for their content, terms and conditions, or privacy policies.
Third-Party Partners and Third-Party Technology Partners
We work with third-party partners to offer Mattel Services. We ask them to carefully handle information that is entrusted to them.
We also work with third-party technology partners to provide content, understand our users, and deliver advertising on our Mattel Sites and on third-party sites. Read more at About Cookies and Technologies, and find out about tools are available to help you control some of these technologies at the Third-Party Technology List and the Mobile Third-Party Technology List.
Mobile App Stores
You may be required to register with and log onto a third party mobile app store before you can download or purchase a Mattel app or make in-app purchases using a Mattel app.
When downloading a Mattel app, or using a Mattel app with online features through your mobile platform, the app provider will typically also collect certain device and app-related information. Mattel does not control the requirements or policies of app stores; you should review the privacy policy and terms of use of the mobile app stores before downloading or using any app and check your device settings for control options.
---|---
Your Choices
We respect your choices about receiving promotional offers and updates from us. You can change what communications you get from us in Mattel Communications Preferences or in American Girl Communications Preferences.
You can make choices about your personal information that Mattel has in the Mattel GDPR Choice Portal (except for American Girl) or the American Girl GDPR Choice Portal (for American Girl only). Parents can access their children ’s personal information and make choices about it using the Parental Access Form.
App Controls
Your device may allow you to block or manage push notifications, location information , in-app purchases, or ability to access the web.
|
Your Choices About Communications
If you want to stop receiving promotional updates or product information at any time, you can change your Mattel Communications Preferences or your American Girl Communications Preferences. Our mailings and email will also include information on how to opt out. Email opt-out requests will be processed in 10 business days. Postal mailing opt-out requests may take longer.
Your Choices and Control About Your Personal Information
If you want to access, update, or delete your personal information ; withdraw your consent to our collection or use of your personal information; object to our processing of your personal information; or request a portable copy of your personal information, you can access the Mattel GDPR Choice Portal (except for American Girl) or the American Girl GDPR Choice Portal (for American Girl only). You can use these portals to make choices about information that Mattel has about you.
Parental Controls
Parents can access their children’s data and make choices about how Mattel uses that data, including updating or deleting the data, using the Parental Access Form.
App Controls
With apps, you may be able to:
Use your built-in mobile device settings and controls to:
Manage push notifications.
Manage location information.
Manage or restrict in-app purchases.
Manage camera, microphone, and photo reel, album, or gallery permissions.
Block navigation to the web by turning off network access on the device or turning off the browser.
Access to or availability of controls may vary depending on your device.
---|---
We strive to maintain the security of information but cannot guarantee that information security measures are failure proof.
|
We strive to protect the information you provide to us when you use our Mattel Services through commercially reasonable means.
We and our agents and affiliates use encryption or other security measures to protect payment information during transmission and adopt internal procedures to safeguard this information in our systems.
We require our third-party partners to follow industry-accepted best practices to safeguard personal contact information and other information they handle.
Please be aware that while we work hard to protect your information, no method is 100% secure.
We cannot guarantee security procedures of third parties.
We recommend that you learn about and use tools, habits, and practices to protect the security of you and your family. For example, we recommend that you use unique passwords that are hard for others to copy or guess.
---|---
Mattel Services and servers are governed by U.S. law, which may have different privacy requirements for your information from where you live.
Our servers are in the United States and the United Kingdom. We may also use cloud services.
We use Standard Contractual Clauses for transferring personal information from the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland to non EEA-countries.
Your use of Mattel Services is subject to the collection, transfer, processing, and use of data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Do not use Mattel Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Statement.
|
Mattel Services, the servers that make Mattel Services available, and databases where we house information may be located in countries that may have privacy laws that differ from where you live.
Servers for Mattel Services are located in the United States and the United Kingdom. We may use cloud services whose servers may be anywhere in the world.
For users whose use of Mattel Services results in the transfer of personal information from the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland to non-EEA countries, we rely on Standard Contractual Clauses.
By using Mattel Services, the transfer, collection, processing and use of data will occur as specified in this Privacy Statement, our Mattel Terms and Conditions, and any other terms provided at the time of collection.
If you do not consent to the transfer, collection, processing, or use of this data according to these terms, do not use the Services.
---|---
We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time by posting it here.
We will not change how we handle previously collected information without providing notice. If applicable, we will also obtain your consent.
|
We may update our Privacy Statement from time to time. When this happens, we will notify you of the new provisions by posting them on our Mattel Sites.
We will not make a material change in how we handle personal information previously collected without notice and, as required, with consent.
---|---
If you are a resident of California, you have certain rights.
|
Under California Civil Code § 1798.83, California residents have the right to receive, once a year, information about third parties with whom we have shared information about you for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared. To make such a request, please complete and send us the Privacy Request Form. We will respond to you within 30 days of receiving such a request.
---|---
If you are a citizen of a European Economic Area (EEA) Member State and you have questions about Mattel’s privacy practices, you can contact supervisory authorities in the EEA to share your concerns.
|
If you are a citizen of a European Economic Area (EEA) Member State, you can exercise your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) by visiting the MATTEL GDPR CHOICE PORTAL or the AMERICAN GIRL GDPR CHOICE PORTAL. You can also contact supervisory authorities within the EEA, including in your own Member State, about concerns you have related to Mattel’s privacy practices. The lead supervisory authority for Mattel Services offered in the EEA is the Dutch Data Protection Authority, the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens.
---|---
We do not take action to respond to do not track signals available on some browsers.
|
Some web browsers may transmit “do not track” signals. Web browsers may incorporate or activate these features differently, making it unclear if users have consciously activated them. As a result, at this time we do not take steps to respond to such signals. You can manage your cookie preferences using your own browser settings to accept or block some or all cookies or receive notice so you can consent to cookies. If you block all cookies some features of Mattel Sites may be unavailable to you.
---|---
Mattel Services that feature the following seals are certified by the respective organizations:
Entertainment Software Rating Board Privacy Certified Program
kidSAFE Seal Program
|
ESRB Privacy Certified Program
Mattel is a valid licensee, and participating member in good standing of the ENTERTAINMENT SOFTWARE RATING BOARD’S PRIVACY CERTIFIED PROGRAM (“ESRB Privacy Certified”). ESRB Privacy Certified seals appear on the Mattel Services that participate in the program. The ESRB’s Privacy Certified Program is designed to ensure that our information disclosure practices are responsible and appropriate.
To help protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and have had Mattel Services where the ESRB Privacy Certified seal is posted reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online information collection, use, and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy program, we are subject to audits of services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB.
If you believe that we have not responded to your privacy-related inquiry about a Mattel Service or Mattel Site that bears an ESRB Privacy Certified seal or your inquiry about a Mattel Service or Mattel Site has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB at http://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.aspx or:
ESRB
Attn: Privacy Certified Program
420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2240 New York, NY 10170
privacy@esrb.org
ESRB is not affiliated with Mattel and cannot help you with non-privacy-related issues.
Kidsafe Seal Program
Some Mattel connected products bear the kidSAFE Seal. This means that the products and Mattel Services that bear the kidSAFE Seal have been independently reviewed, certified, or listed by kidSAFE to meet certain standards of online safety or privacy, and that Mattel and any technology partner it has partnered with are authorized to display the kidSAFE Seal in connection with that product.
If you have an inquiry about a Mattel Service or product that bears the kidSAFE Seal, please contact kidSAFE at https://www.proprofs.com/survey/t/?title=xs7un.
---|---
