The following text is extracted and transformed from the medcalc.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-09. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
MedCalc Software's privacy policy
At MedCalc Software we recognize that privacy is important. This document outlines the types of information we receive and collect when you visit our websites.
Personal information and other data
When you purchase a software license, we collect personal information such as your name, postal address and email address. This information is stored to provide services such as automatic retrieval of your sofware product keys.
When you visit our website, our web servers automatically record information such as the URL, browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit. This information is used to create web site statistics, not to trace individual surfing behaviour. This information cannot be traced back to you.
MedCalc Software never shares this information with third parties.
All data are stored on our servers located in different countries in the European Community. All communication to and from these servers is encrypted (TLS, Transport Layer Security). Encryption makes it impossible for unauthorized people to view information traveling between computers (see Wikipedia for technical information).
How long do we keep personal data?
We save your data up to 2 years after your license expires or is terminated.
Can I review and correct my personal data you have on file?
Yes, you can. Please visit Review personal data for more information.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a small text file, stored on your computer's hard drive, which contains data that is sent to your browser from a Web server. Cookies are commonly used on the Internet and do not harm your system. Cookies provide a mechanism to store visitor data, during and between sessions. Our cookies do not generate or read data that identify you.
You can still use the MedCalc Software websites if your browser is set to reject cookies.
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the 'Help' option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari web, and iOS.
Some pages on our website show ads serviced by Google. Please visit Google Privacy & Terms for more information.
If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to the Your Online Choices site.
Online purchases
Online purchases are handled by Bluesnap, a reputable third party e-commerce service provider.
Read more about Bluesnap privacy policy and security.
Hyperlinks
This website contains links to other websites. MedCalc Software is not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of these websites.
Questions?
Contact us if you have additional questions regarding your privacy and MedCalc Software.
