The following text is extracted and transformed from the ipvoid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-10-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service | IPVoid.com
By accessing, displaying, browsing or using our website you agree to refrain from any kind of activity that could damage, overload, harm the normal and correct functioning of our website. You undertake to refrain from illicitly or fraudulently obtaining site contents or stealing or copying said contents. You agree to not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or algorithms used in this web service.
We cannot control how the user utilizes the information or content offered in this website and we will therefore not be held responsible for acts, deeds or damages, whether direct or indirect, suffered by the user or third-parties which could be the consequence or arise from the use of said information or content.
We make every effort to make sure that the information that appear on its websites is true and up to date. However, errors are possible, and for this reason, the User should not consider information to be accurate without first contacting us and discuss about the accuracy of the information.
Log Files Information
This website makes use of log files to store details about users that visit and use our website and online services. These log files are generated by all web servers such as Apache and Lighttpd and are useful to spot possible errors. We log the IP addresses of visitors so that we are able to respond in case of abuse and for statistical purpose. Please note that all the information that we log are not linked to any information that is personally identificable.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Google Adsense
This website uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (which does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites to create advertisements on products and services you might enjoy. If you'd like more information on this subject and to know the options available to prevent the use of such information by these companies, click here.
EXTERNAL TOOLS
What is My IP Address IP & Domain Whois Lookup URL Content Dump Inspect HTTP Headers Ping Command Online Traceroute Online DNS Resource Records Redirections Fetcher Unshorten URL Htpasswd Generator DiG DNS Lookup
