The following text is extracted and transformed from the hackingwithswift.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-26. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
What we track and why
We take privacy as seriously as you do – you're here to learn Swift, not get tracked and spied on. So, we've taken steps to track as little as possible about you, and what little we do track is anonymised as much as possible.
We use Google Analytics to track anonymous page usage, with no tracking for advertising features or remarketing. You may wish to install the Google Analytics Opt-Out tool in order to limit tracking further.
We sometimes embed content from Twitter and videos from YouTube or Vimeo, which may also collect information from you. We aim to embed using the highest privacy settings to protect your privacy. You can read more about their privacy policies here: Twitter, YouTube, and Vimeo.
When you buy books your order will be taken by Gumroad. They will ask for your payment details in order to complete the transaction, and will store your billing information so you can download your products at a later time. Your credit card will be used by Gumroad to conduct the transaction, and will not be passed on to us. Gumroad may also use analytics in order to track the process – you can read their privacy policy here.
Existing customers and those who have subscribed for updates will receive emails containing product updates, discount links on books, news, and more. You can unsubscribe from these at any time using the link at the end of the email.
Our web server stores no logs about which pages are accessed, and we do not store your IP address or any other personally identifiable information.
If you visit our Swift coding tests you will be served a single cookie that tracks the answer you write for each question so that we can show the test result. This cookie is destroyed when you close your browser.
We have done our best to remove as many cookies from this site as possible, and we do not store any of your personal information on our servers. If there's something else you think we can do, please get in touch: paul@hackingwithswift.com.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. If you have questions, suggestions, or other feedback please get in touch: paul@hackingwithswift.com.
