The following text is extracted and transformed from the cdmediaworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-04-05. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
CD Media World - Privacy Statement
|  |
Privacy Statement for CD Media World
CD Media World has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:  CD Media World
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. This information stays totally private and is not shared with any other company or institution.
This site contains links to other sites. CD Media World is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Finally as a last resort try rebooting your computer to clear any information from your system which may be causing the problem and try again.
The Use of Cookies on CD Media World
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. Ads may contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site. Our site does not use cookies. We do not have access to any information about you from cookies you might receive while visiting our site.
|
The Use of a Mailing List on CD Media World
It is possible for a user to add him or herself to the CD Media World Mailing List , which is hosted at ListBot. Users of this mailing list can add and remove themselves at any time. When a user removes him of herself then no further CD Media World related mail is send to this user.
The Use of a Message Forums on CD Media World
This site makes forums available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. Exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information. Aliases are allowed to insure personal security.
Security for CD Media World
CD Media World has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Adding Patches
CD Media World provides users the opportunity to add CD information to the site, this is only done by E-Mail:
CD Media World Submit Department:   submit@cdmediaworld.com
Correct/Update Site Content
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
CD Media World Info Department:   info@cdmediaworld.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
CD Media World Webmaster:   webmaster@cdmediaworld.com
This site uses the services of Engage for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions and other marketing messages. To do this, Engage collects anonymous data typically through the use of cookies. To learn more about Engage, including your ability to opt out of the Engage system, go to http://www.engage.com/privacy.
