The following text is extracted and transformed from the dogbuddy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Your privacy is doggone important to us | DogBuddy
Last updated: 24th May 2018
OUR APPROACH TO PRIVACY
Barking Dog Ventures Limited ( "DogBuddy", "we", "our", or "us" ) is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy sets out how we collect, store, process, transfer, share and use data that identifies or is associated with you ( "personal information" ) and information regarding our use of cookies and similar technologies.
DogBuddy operates a platform which connects dog owners with dog lovers who wish to host dogs and/or offer other dog related services using our website at www.dogbuddy.com and mobile application that we make available (the "Service" ).
This privacy policy applies to our Service. Terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as in our Terms of Service, unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy.
Before accessing or using our Service, please ensure that you have read and understood our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
DogBuddy is the data controller of the personal information we hold about you.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE USE IT
We collect personal information about you when you voluntarily submit information directly to us when you use our Service. This can include information you provide to us when you register for an account, fill in a form on our Service, create or edit your user profile on the Service, send messages using the Service, correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, subscribe to our mailing lists, newsletters or other forms of marketing communications, respond to a survey, enter a promotion or use some other feature of our Service. We may also collect personal information from third parties and from social networks.
If you choose not to provide personal information, we may not be able to provide the Service to you or respond to your other requests.
The table at Annex 1 sets out the categories of personal information we collect about you and how we use that information. The table also lists the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal information, the categories of recipients of the personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods.
We also automatically collect personal information about you indirectly about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.
The table at Annex 2 sets out the categories of personal information we collect about you automatically and how we use that information. The table also lists the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal information, the categories of recipients of the personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods.
We may link or combine the personal information we collect about you and the information we collect automatically. This allows us to provide you with a personalised experience regardless of how you interact with us.
We may anonymise and aggregate any of the personal information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you). We may use anonymised information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our Service and developing new products and features. We may also share such anonymised information with others.
MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
From time to time we may contact you with information about our products and services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email. For some marketing messages, we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.
If you do not want to receive marketing messages from us, you will be able to tell us by selecting certain boxes on forms we use when we first collect your contact details. You can change your marketing preferences at a later date by:
logging into your account on our Service and changing your notification preferences;
in respect of marketing messages sent via email, text message, or push notification, by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of that email, text message, or push notification respectively; and
in respect of marketing messages sent via push notification, by changing the settings on your device.
In any event, we may contact you by email or otherwise with important service-related information (including, for example, confirmation of a transaction).
Where you have given us permission to do so, we may share your contact details with third parties as per your consent so that they can provide you with information about products and services that they believe may be of interest to you.
If you decide you no longer want us to share your contact details with selected third parties for marketing purposes, you can let us know by contacting us using our contact details at the end of this privacy policy.
STORING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security. We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal information we collect will be stored on secure servers. All electronic transaction entered into via our Service will be protected by SSL encryption technology. We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting your account ID, password, credit or debit card information or national identification numbers.
International Transfers of your Personal Information. The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in. Some of our service providers will process your personal information outside of the European Union; these international transfers of your personal information are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission. If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this privacy policy.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable law and this privacy policy.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
In accordance with European Union privacy law, you have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
Right of access. The right to obtain access to your personal information.
Right to rectification. The right to obtain rectification of your personal information without undue delay where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure. The right to obtain the erasure of your personal information without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed (including processing undertaken to comply with any of our legal obligations).
Right to restriction. The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal information.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy. You may also review and edit the personal information you have submitted to us by logging into your account on our Service.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
Cookies are pieces of code that allow for personalisation of our website experience by saving your information such as user ID and other preferences. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Third party cookies. Please be aware that advertisers and other third parties may use their own cookies tags when you click on an advertisement or link on our website. These third parties are responsible for setting out their own cookie and privacy policies.
The cookies we use are designed to help you get the most from the website but if you do not wish to receive cookies, most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. Please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. These settings will typically be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the “Help” option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari webiOS
If you only want to limit third party advertising cookies, you can turn such cookies off by visiting the following links (please bear in mind that there are many more companies listed on these sites than those that drop cookies via our website):
Your Online Choices (http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ )
Network Advertising Initiative (http://www.networkadvertising.org/)
Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.aboutads.info/consumers)
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Service may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites, including, but not limited to, those of other users, our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants, news publications, retailers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites may be collecting information from you when you are browsing and have their own privacy policies; we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their collection activities or policies. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites.
OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
Our Service is not directed at persons under 18 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, without your consent, then please contact us using the details below so that we can take steps to remove such information and terminate any account your child has created with us.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this privacy policy from time to time and so you should review this page periodically. When we change this privacy policy in a material way, we will update the “last modified” date at the end of this privacy policy. Changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
NOTICE TO YOU
If we need to provide you with information about something, whether for legal, marketing or other business related purposes, we will select what we believe is the best way to get in contact with you. We will usually do this through email or by placing a notice on our Service. The fact that we may send notices to you will not stop you from being able to opt out of certain types of contact as described in this privacy policy.
CONTACTING US
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcome and should be addressed to the Data Protection Officer at: privacy@dogbuddy.com
Annex 1 - Personal information we collect
Annex 2 - Personal information collected automatically
