The following text is extracted and transformed from the dogshow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-02-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Your Child's Privacy at The Virtual Dog Show
Your Child's Privacy at the Virtual Dog Show
In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, the Virtual Dog Show is pleased to present you with this information regarding the privacy of your child's interactions with the Virtual Dog Show.
About the Junior Showmanship Class
The Virtual Dog Show includes a special competition called the Junior Showmanship variety class which is open to all entrants age 16 or younger. This is the only time at which the age of an entrant is important; in all other cases -- including cases in which younger entrants choose not to enter the Virtual Dog Show -- entering an age is optional.
Information Collected by the Virtual Dog Show
The administrators of the Virtual Dog Show -- Idyll Mountain Internet of Fullerton, California -- collect information on our entrants under the following conditions:
All information is explicitly entered by the site entrant; we do not use cookies to track our users or to discern any additional information about the entrants.
The Virtual Dog Show does not require children or other entrants to submit any more information than is necessary for participation in the Virtual Dog Show competition.
Parents of children under the age of 13 may review the child's personal information, ask to have it deleted, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information. (This will effectively remove the child's entry from competition in the Virtual Dog Show.) Parents wishing to do this must contact Idyll Mountain Internet, the administrators of the Virtual Dog Show, by letter, fax, phone, or email, as listed below.
Information collected is limited to the following:
Name
Email Address
Mailing Address
Telephone Number
Date of Birth (age)
Information on types and breeds of dogs owned
Photographs of the entrants
This information is used in the following manner:
Name, information on dogs, and photographs are displayed publicly on the web site as part of the catalog of entries
Email address, mailing address, and telephone number may be posted in the catalog of entries at the entrant's request
Email address, mailing address, and telephone number are used by the Virtual Dog Show administration to contact the winner in each category and may be shared with Virtual Dog Show prize donors only for the delivery of prizes to entrants who place in the Virtual Dog Show
Age is used to determine eligibility for the Junior Showmanship variety, and may be shared with Virtual Dog Show judges
The entrants may choose to make their contact information private at any time by editing their entry in the Virtual Dog Show and selecting the privacy options.
Entrants are only displayed in the catalog of entries once show entry fees have been received. Entrants who do not wish to participate may remove themselves from competition merely by failing to pay the entry fees. Participants who have paid entry fees and wish to withdraw may do so by writing to vds-admin@dogshow.com; however, in most cases entry fees are not refundable.
Information is disclosed to third parties as mentioned above; in summary:
Visitors to the Virtual Dog Show site can view the catalog of entries and any contact information that the entrants have chosen to make public; entry status in the Junior Showmanship category is displayed as well, for those entrants who choose to enter.
Judges for the Junior Showmanship variety class will have access to entrants' dates of birth.
Sponsors will be given contact information to ship prizes to those entrants who place in the competition.
Contact Information for Idyll Mountain Internet
Questions regarding the Virtual Dog Show's privacy policies can be directed to:
Idyll Mountain Internet
Liz and Kynn Bartlett, Owners
110 East Wilshire Avenue, Suite G-1
Fullerton, California 92832
Voice: (714) 526-5656
FAX: (714) 526-4972
Email: vds-admin@dogshow.com
