The following text is extracted and transformed from the myjobmag.co.ke privacy policy that was archived on 2016-09-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - My JobMag
MyJobMag.co.ke makes job search easy. We do this by publishing latest jobs and career information for Kenyans. We provide an easy to use platform for employers to connect with suitable candidates. Please read our terms of service below if you intend to use our service.  What information do we collect
We collect information such as Name, Email, Address, Education details, CV/Resume, Phone Number, Date of Birth etc from you when you register on our site. You may however visit the site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one following ways:
To personalize your experience
To enable employers search for and contact you for positions that match your profile.
To enable you search for and apply for jobs or search jobseekers faster and better.
To send you periodic updates on our services.
To administer a survey or contest on our site.
To improve our customer service (respond to your request easily and faster).
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes we use cookies to maintain your session on our site and to service you relevant third party ads
Do we disclose any information to our outside parties?
We do not sell trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third partes who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
However during the cause of search by employers, information such as your resume, job objective, resume, name and pic will be revealed to employers to enable them choose the best candidate and to contact you.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non -personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising and other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please refer to our terms and conditions section at http://www.myjobmag.co.ke/terms
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our policy we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 24/09/2015
Unsubsription
If at any time you wish to stop receiving our Information/updates/alerts you can unsubcribe by clicking on the unsubcription link in our newsletters or send a request to services@myjobmag.co.ke. You can stop receiving alerts from us by unsubcribing from your profile page or sending a request to services@myjobmag.co.ke
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us by clicking HERE
