The following text is extracted and transformed from the abbywinters.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-28. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
About : Privacy policy | abbywinters.com
Microsoft and abbywinters.com no longer support Internet Explorer v6. Upgrade to improve your experience.
We recommend the free and open FireFox or Chrome browsers.
In order to provide Internet billing services, abbywinters.com must collect, use, and share certain information about you. This policy explains what we collect, who we share it with, and how you can contact abbywinters.com in order to ensure the accuracy of the data we collect, use, and share.
The information abbywinters.com collects from you helps us better serve you by continually updating the electronic payment services abbywinters.com provides. The data that abbywinters.com collects and maintains is as follows:
Information that you provide to us:
abbywinters.com receives and stores all information that you enter on our sign-up (join) pages. This includes:
On the main sign-up page - your e-mail address, credit card number, expiration date, first name, last name, address, city, state, zip, country, and your agreement to be bound by abbywinters.com 's terms and conditions.
Your credit card information is not kept if you do not choose a rebilling plan.
Information that we automatically receive:
abbywinters.com receives and stores certain information whenever you download web pages, or send us e-mail or forms. For example:
We identify the numerical IP address assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider.
E-mail Correspondence - abbywinters.com often requests a confirmation when you receive and open an e-mail communication delivered by abbywinters.com. We archive all e-mail sent in and out of our network, and we identify the origination IP address of all e-mail sent into our network. We require that you refrain from "forging headers" or sending "SPAM".
In some correspondence abbywinters.com also identify cookies you have stored on your computer that relate to the www.abbywinters.com website.
Information from third parties:
From time to time, abbywinters.com requests and receives information from third parties and compares it to the information that you have provided. The main purpose for this is loss prevention.
Protection of your privacy:
abbywinters.com will release data when we believe the release is appropriate to comply with the law, or to enforce our Agreement.
It is your obligation to provide abbywinters.com with accurate and up-to-date information, and failure to provide us with such information could void any Agreement between you and abbywinters.com. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as processing your purchase request, responding to customer service inquiries, loss prevention, improving our service, and communicating with you. abbywinters.com employees have access to your information on a need-to-know basis. abbywinters.com will not sell your information to a third party for any reason.
In addition, abbywinters.com , as part of the credit card processing system, must provide limited information to the services that connect it to the companies that perform the banking functions. The credit card associations have strict privacy rules that these companies must adhere to in order to be authorized to receive and process credit card transactions. abbywinters.com will never knowingly provide your information outside of this system.
abbywinters.com employs the latest and best techniques available for protecting0 its systems from intrusion by unauthorized individuals, and is constantly upgrading its security as better methods become available. All information is stored behind firewalls and other sophisticated security systems. Our data centre utilizes state-of-the-art physical security measures to prevent unauthorized access to the facility.
abbywinters.com does not request, or knowingly collect identifiable information from children under the age of 18. abbywinters.com does not knowingly use or share personal information from users under the age of 18 with third parties. abbywinters.com does not offer children any promotions involving games, prizes,0 or any other activity that would induce a child to divulge personal information.
This Privacy Policy was posted in April 2003. abbywinters.com reserves the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. abbywinters.com takes privacy matters very seriously, and intends to stay at the forefront of privacy policy and protection matters. We will occasionally update our privacy policy and we will post those updates on this page. You are responsible for revisiting this page to review our privacy policy updates.
Questions regarding the information abbywinters.com has stored about you should be in writing, for address details go to our contact page.
