The following text is extracted and transformed from the movabletype.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-25. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Movable Type - Privacy Policy
Six Apart, Ltd. ("Six Apart") may retain your Personal Information (as defined in Article 2, Paragraph 1 below, hereinafter the same) that we receive through our website and services, in order to provide stably or newly develop our products and services. Six Apart acknowledges the significance of protecting the Personal Information, handles the Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy set out below, and ensures protection thereof.
Article 1. Information Acquisition
Six Apart acquires your Personal Information, in a lawful and fair manner, when you use Six Apart's products or services, post as a guest any copyright protected contents on the Six Apart's blog site or make registrations with Six Apart in order to enter into promotions or sweepstakes. Six Apart may combine your Personal Information with information which we obtain from our business partners or other companies in a lawful and fair manner.
Article 2. Scope of Personal Information
"Personal Information" means information which Six Apart acquires pursuant to the preceding Article and controls and by one or more of which Six Apart is able to identify a certain client. Personal Information includes the followings:
Your name, contact information (email address, address, telephone number) and credit card information;
Other information about you registered on an optional basis, including your date of birth, place of birth, your mother's maiden name, sex, postal code, background, user names for instant messaging services (such as ICQ, AIM, Yahoo and MSN), associate codes for U.S. Amazon.com and its subsidiaries, occupation, job type and hobbies;
Information relating to transactions between you and any corporation or individual which is engaged in advertising, promotional or sales activities or customer services jointly with Six Apart ("Partner");
Information which exists on Six Apart's server or which Six Apart automatically receives and records, including your IP address, cookies, web beacons, script and the pages you viewed sent from your browser
Articles posted on Six Apart's blog site are not be deemed as "Personal Information" or as Personal Information covered by this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Six Apart does not own or control or to people that Six Apart does not employ or manage.
Article 3. Use of Personal Information
General Provisions Six Apart uses your Personal Information for the following purposes:
Provision of products, services and related information;
Billing;
Identification and authentication of users;
Marketing, sales and advertising activities carried out individually or jointly with any Partner;
Improvement in Six Apart's website and services;
Notification of other important matters and research for products and services development
IP Address
Six Apart receives IP address information from all users which is automatically sent from each browser to its web pages. Your IP address is stored in Six Apart's user registration data base upon your registration with Six Apart. IP addresses are used for the following purposes:
To diagnose service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP (internet service provider);
To place special advertisements based on information concerning any geographical regions or other information derived from the IP addresses;
To make reports to the advertisers on the information obtained from the IP addresses;
To estimate the number of users of Six Apart from specific geographical regions or category;
To determine which users have access privileges to certain content or services
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique authentication code that is sent to your browser from computers on which you view websites and stored on your computer's hard drive. You can accept all cookies, reject all cookies or receive notice when a cookie is set depending on your browser configuration. If you reject all cookies, you may not be able to use Six Apart's products and services that require you to log in to your account. However, in many cases Six Apart's products and services do not require you accept cookies.
Six Apart uses its own cookies for the following purposes:
To access to your information when you log in;
To record and keep track of preferences you specify while you are using Six Apart's services;
To indicate on Six Apart's web pages the most suitable banner advertisement based on your interests and actions;
To estimate and research Six Apart's total audience size and traffic;
To conduct researches to improve Six Apart's contents and services;
To require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents
Six Apart allows any advertising agency to set and access cookies on your computer. Such agency shall use its own cookies in accordance with its own privacy policy. Neither the advertiser nor other advertising agency may access Six Apart's cookies.
Web Beacon
A "web beacon" is an electronic file that signals when a web page, an advertisement, a video or other types of content, an email or a newsletter has been viewed. Six Apart uses web beacons on its or third party's website, or in its services and products, for the following purposes:
To count visitors to websites;
To recognize and access cookies;
To record page view information;
To record the internet protocol address of the computer that downloads a web beacon;
To record the type of browser used to view a page where a web beacon is placed;
To track the delivery, viewing and responses to emails and newsletters;
To estimate and research our total audience size and traffic;
To conduct research to improve Six Apart's websites, services and products
Script: A "script" is a short section of computer code included in a web page or other content that can be used to set and access a cookie on your computer's hard drive and to record your activity on a website. Six Apart uses scripts on its or any third party's websites or in its services and products, for the following purposes:
To track the performance of advertising campaigns;
To identify sources of traffic to Six Apart's websites, services and products;
To count the number of "clicks" on a link in a web page, advertisement, email or newsletter;
To follow the distribution of content;
To measure patterns of activity on Six Apart's websites, services and products such as usage by date, time and geographic location;
To estimate and research our total audience size and traffic;
To conduct research to improve Six Apart's websites, services and products
Article 4. Information Disclosure and Provision
When you post a message, your ID with Six Apart or alias that you are posting under may be disclosed to other users. In addition, when you post a message on Six Apart's blog sites, you may possibly post a message which may include personally identifiable information about you. If you post Personal Information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Six Apart does not provide your Personal Information to any third party without your consent. However, we may provide it to a third party when:
Six Apart provides the Personal Information, including your name, contact information (email address, address, telephone number), etc. by way of electronic transmission in accordance with Six Apart's Information Control Regulation and other policies concerning the handling of the Personal Information, to our reliable Partners that conduct businesses together with Six Apart in order to carry out advertising, promotional or sales activities or customer services, by executing confidentiality agreements with such Partners;
Six Apart provides the Personal Information, for entrusting the administration thereof, to any reliable corporation or individual by executing a confidentiality agreement;
Six Apart is required to provide or disclose such Personal Information by any order or judgment issued by a court or other public authority, or otherwise necessary for performance of obligations under laws and regulations;
Six Apart takes actions necessary for protecting itself from damage claims and other legal actions, by exercising its legal rights or putting up defenses;
Six Apart conducts research, adopts preventive measures and takes necessary actions if there exists a possibility of illegal acts, suspected fraud or bodily injury or death, breach of Six Apart's service conditions or if it is legally required
If Six Apart becomes subject to acquisition or other transaction which accompanies transfer of a part or all of Six Apart's assets, your Personal Information will be transferred. In such case, Six Apart will inform you to that effect before your Personal Information is transferred to and becomes subject to the privacy policy of any third party.
You may request suspension of provision of such Personal Information to any third party by following a certain method prescribed by Six Apart.
Article 5. Setting, Edit and Deletion of Your Account Information
You may refer to and edit your own account information at any time. Six Apart is entitled to dispatch to you specific information relating to Six Apart's services, such as announcements concerning the services, communication required for the administrative purpose and news from Six Apart ("Dispatched Information"). The Dispatched Information is deemed as part of the account with Six Apart and the receipt thereof may not be rejected. For a part of services, you may delete your account by visiting the applicable account deletion page; however, please note that your identification, billing and contact information remains in our records for a period necessary for our business reasons.
Article 6. Disclosure, Correction, Suspension of Use and Deletion of Personal Information
As for disclosure, correction, suspension of use, deletion and other procedures concerning the Personal Information owned by Six Apart, please contact us by following a certain method prescribed by Six Apart. We will respond to the request as soon as practicable upon your notification.
Article 7. Confidentiality and Safety Control
Only limited employees who are deemed to be in need of access to your Personal Information in order to provide you with the products and services may have access to your Personal Information. We control your Personal Information appropriately by appointing a control manager.
Six Apart uses physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information. Your account information is password-protected. In certain procedures, Six Apart uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to enhance security for data transmissions.
Six Apart complies with laws, ordinances and rules relating to the Personal Information and ensures the protection and appropriate handling of the Personal Information.
Six Apart destroys Personal Information by:
shredding or tearing up, if such Personal Information is recorded in written form or in a CD-ROM or other physical recording media, or
deleting, if such Personal Information is in an electronic form.
Article 8. Modification to Privacy Policy
Six Apart is entitled to modify this Privacy Policy. If Six Apart modifies the Personal Information handling procedures in a material respect, we will notify you to that effect by sending notice to the primary email address designated in your account with Six Apart or by posting such notice on Six Apart's site.
Last updated on May 29, 2011
Copyright © 2011 Six Apart Ltd. All rights reserved.
