The following text is extracted and transformed from the movineo.co privacy policy that was archived on 2015-09-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Neustar | Privacy
Highlights of the Neustar Privacy Policy
Updated: September 23, 2014
Neustar uses Personal Information to support data-driven decision-making and deliver personalized content without sacrificing personal privacy. These “Highlights” summarize Neustar’s privacy practices. You can learn more by clicking on the links below, and by reviewing the Neustar Privacy Policy and Privacy Principles.
Our Commitment – Privacy by Design
We follow the Neustar Privacy Principles, including the principle of Privacy by Design , to design, build, and deliver products and services that respect your privacy.
Personal Information Collection, Use, and Disclosure
We collect Personal Information from you directly and from businesses that use our products and services. We use registration data, including Personal Information, supplied by our online Match Partners to set AdAdvisor Cookies, which do not contain or convey Personal Information. Finally, we collect and use Personal Information and other demographic data from a variety of sources such as telephone directories, the US Postal Service, the Census Bureau, and from other third parties. We do not use Sensitive Personal Information without your permission.
Read our full Privacy Policy or click on the links below to learn more about the Personal Information we collect and how we use it:
Information You Provide on our Web Site
Market Segmentation Data
Online Advertising
IP Address Information
Domain Name Registry Data
Internet and Telecommunications Routing Data
Other Name and Contact Data
Cookies
We may use Cookies, Web Beacons, Pixel Tags and similar technologies to enhance and personalize your experience on our web sites and to track, manage, and enable visitor transactions and preferences. In addition, we work with a variety of Match Partners to set AdAdvisor Cookies. Businesses use the information in AdAdvisor cookies to tailor online advertising based on the likelihood that someone will share certain interests or propensities with members of an aggregated group. to tailor online advertising based on our predictions about the preferences and interests of large groups of similar consumers, and to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. We also use Log Data associated with AdAdvisor Cookies for marketing and analytics purposes, and to understand what kind of mobile devices are being used.
Advertising IDs
Mobile Advertising IDs. We use Mobile Advertising IDs, also known as IDFA or IFA, in connection with ElementOneSM and other marketing services. We obtain Mobile Ad IDs from Match Partners who have user consent to share this information. We share Segment Codes associated with Mobile Advertising IDs with our customers who have access to these identifiers with the consent of their users. This enables our clients to provide a more tailored user experience as well as relevant content and offers in the mobile environment. You can find more information about how mobile advertising IDs are used and how to opt out of mobile advertising in our Transparency and Choice section below.
Transparency and Choice
You can check the AdAdvisor Profile Manager to see if we have set an AdAdvisor Cookie through your browser. If so, the Profile Manager also displays the de-identified information contained in that cookie. You may opt out of the use of AdAdvisor Cookies for online behavioral advertising using the AdAdvisor Opt-Out. You can also learn more about online advertising in general on the Network Advertising Initiative web site, which also permits you to opt-out of receiving tailored online advertising from some or all of its members.
Mobile Advertising IDs
Apple’s iOS IDFA can be reset by the user at any time. Users can opt out of all remarketing by enabling a device setting called "Limit Ad Tracking" (LAT), which restricts advertisers from using the IDFA for behavioral advertising. You can learn how to limit ad tracking on your iOS device or to reset your IDFA here: IDFA Opt-Out.
Similar to IDFA for Apple devices, Android devices pass Google Advertising ID, which provides the same type of device-specific, unique, resettable ID for advertising as Apple IDFA or IFA. You can learn more about how identifiers on mobile are used for advertising and receive instruction for how to opt out of mobile advertising on the Google Privacy & Terms webpage.
Accountability
Neustar is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and complies with the NAI Code of Conduct, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and we comply with the DAA’sSelf-Regulatory Principles for Multi-Site Data.
Safe Harbor
Neustar may receive Personal Information about residents of the European Union and Switzerland in the course of providing DNS services (including registry services) and telephone call routing services. Neustar’s handling of such information complies with the U.S. – EU Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. – Swiss Safe Harbor framework as administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and we have certified our adherence to the Safe Harbor principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. Additional information about the Safe Harbor programs is available at: www.export.gov/safeharbor.
The Fine Print
Click here to read our full Privacy Policy and to learn more about our approach to children’s privacy, data security, disclosures required by law or for other purposes, and your privacy rights under California law.
Our privacy practices and policies may be updated from time to time. We will post a notice regarding material changes on our web site.
Questions? Comments?
Send us an email at: privacy@neustar.biz
