The following text is extracted and transformed from the autorec.co.jp privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-07. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | AUTOREC
| __  Order by Types
| SUV (95)
| Sedan (59)
| Mini van (66)
| Hatchback (204)
| Truck (96)
| Bus (3)
| Van (20)
| Coupe (34)
| Motor cycle (4)
| Other (7)
__  Order by Makes
|  Toyota (187)|  |  Nissan (79)
|  Honda (42)|  |  Mazda (37)
|  Mitsubishi (35)|  |  Subaru (11)
|  Suzuki (26)|  |  Isuzu (8)
|  Daihatsu (33)|  |  Lexus (3)
|  Hino (1)|  |  Yanmar (1)
|  Mercedes benz (22)|  |  BMW (15)
|  Volks Wagen (11)|  |  Land Rover (4)
|  Jaguar (2)|  |  Audi (4)
|  Volvo (9)|  |  Peugeot (4)
|  Ford (7)|  |  Chrysler (4)
|  Fiat (1)|  |  Porsche (1)
Japan cars | Euro cars | America cars
__  Other Categories
| New Arrivals |  | Left Hand Drive
| For Handicapped |  | Manual
| Diesel |  | Hybrid
| Brand-new Car |  | Classified Truck
Japanese Used Motor Vehicle Exporters Association
JUMVEA SAFE TRADE
100% Delivery Guarantee Service
Protect yourself and your investment!
﻿
Autorec Privacy Policy
Overview
Autorec Enterprise Ltd ("Autorec") fully understands your concern over protecting privacy and the way of our use of your Personal Information. Whether you visit our website, autorec.co.jp (the or our "Site"), to utilize our services, or you simply browse through our website, we assure you of protecting your Personal Information.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") covers how Autorec treats Personal Information that Autorec collects and receives. Personal information ("Personal Information") is information regarding individual natural person being alive defined in Personal Information Protection Law of Japan (enacted in 2003 as amended), which is directly or indirectly identifiable with or without reference such as your name, address, email address, or phone number.
By visiting our Site or using our Site's service, you are deemed to have agreed to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use or access our Site.
Membership Eligibility
Our services are available only to, and may only be used by individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, our services are not available to children, i.e. persons under the age of 16.
Information Collection and Use
Autorec collects Personal Information when you register with the Site, when you use the Site's services or when you visit pages of the Site.
When you register, we ask for information such as your name, phone number, email address, birth date, and zip code. Subject to different type of our service, we further ask more detailed information such as gender, country of residence, bank account information and to submission of supporting documents for verification. Once you register with the Site and log in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Autorec uses information for the following general purposes:
to fulfill your requests for services including performance of our obligation under the relating contracts,
to contact you and conduct customer support,
to deliver commodities, issue invoice and deal payment matters
to send notice or distribute announcement of our service
to conduct research and analysis of usage of our service,
to provide our service safely including investigation and discovery of fraud or unauthorized access
to conduct sales promotion
to improve our services, and
to provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Autorec does not transfer to or share Personal Information about you with third party without yourpermission except for the following events:
We provide the information to business partners who work with Autorec to fulfill yourrequests for services including delivery of commodities, issuance of invoice and dealingsof payment matters;
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise ourlegal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or takeaction against illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to thephysical safety of any person, violations of Autorec's terms of use, or as otherwise requiredby law; or
Any other legitimate reasons under Personal Information Protection Law of Japan, otherapplicable laws and regulations.
Cookies
Autorec may set and access autorec cookies on your computer.
We use data collection devices called "cookies" on certain pages of the Site to help analyze the Site pageflow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed onyour hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only availablethrough the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequentlyduring connecting with the Site. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to yourinterests. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case youmay not be able to use certain features on the Site and you may be required to reenter your password morefrequently during connecting with the Site.
Your Right to Demand Disclosure, Ask to Edit/Delete and Stop to Use Your Personal Information
You may demand Autorec to disclose collected Personal Information held by Autorec. Provided, however,that Autorec may reject such demand if it has legitimate reason under Personal Information Protection Lawof Japan.
You can edit or delete your Personal Information we hold at any time by contacting us. Provided, however, that Autorec may reject such demand if it has legitimate reason under Personal Information Protection Law of Japan.
You may demand Autorec to cease to use your Personal Information, share with or transfer it to third party if such Personal Information was illegally obtained, used, shared with or transferred beyond the legitimate purpose specified under this Privacy Policy or other notice. Provided, however, that Autorec may reject such demand if it has legitimate reason under Personal Information Protection Law of Japan.
The Procedure of your rights to demand disclosure or other rights set above ("Disclosure Rights Etc.") is as follows.
Information subject to Disclosure Rights Etc.; Personal Information registered by Autorec ("Registered Information")
Data subject who can demand Disclosure Rights Etc.: principal or agent on behalf of principal. Please note that in case of demand by agent, we will ask to submit power of attorney.
Method and Demand process of Disclosure Rights Etc.: please call at +81-567-56-3170. We will verify your identification.
Confidentiality and Security
To realize Privacy Policy, we establish proper organization and implement internal rules to process properlyPersonal Information.
We limit access to Personal Information about you to our employees who we believe reasonably need tocome into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with regulations in Japan to protectPersonal Information about you.
We entrust Personal Information to third party only if such third party satisfies the eligibility standard set by Autorec. Autorec supervises such third party's operation upon entering agreement regarding protectionof Personal Information.
Changes or Revision to this Privacy Policy
Autorec reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time by revising the terms and conditionsherein. Users are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions. Continued use of the Site following any such changes shall constitute the users' acceptance of such changes.
Governing laws and Jurisdiction of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Japan. The Aichi District Court or the Aichi SummaryCourt has exclusive jurisdiction as the courts of first instance with regard to any actions arising inconnection with this Privacy Policy.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have any questions regarding privacy, security, opting-out of e-mail offers or understanding howyour Personal Information is being used, please contact our Customer Support at +81-567-56-3170. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry in a prompt fashion or within 10 days, or your inquiry has not been properly addressed, you may contact us from Mail us.
Amended as of December, 2016
