The following text is extracted and transformed from the zenpencils.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-08-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy
Zen Pencils uses third-party advertisers that uses cookies to collect and store information that helps them serve relevant ads during your time on this site. Zen Pencils has no access or control over these cookies. You can review the respective privacy policies linked to below on any and all third-party ad servers for more information regarding their practices and how to opt-out.
If you wish to disable cookies you may do so through your web browser options. Instructions for doing so and for other cookie-related management can be found on the specific web browsers’ websites.
DoubleClick DART Cookie: Google, a third party vendor, uses the DART cookie to serve ads on Zen Pencils. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting Google’s Content Network Privacy Policy.
Digital Trends ad network is used by Zen Pencils. You can read their privacy policy. Digital Trends believes that protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, they never collect or maintain information at their website from those they actually know are under 13.
Sonobi Media ad network is used by Zen Pencils. You can read their privacy policy.
Lijit Networks , a third party system, uses cookies to serve advertisements and links to products. You may read more about Lijit and their privacy policy here.
BuySellAds Cookie: BuySellAds is an ad-serving platform and network that provide direct advertising opportunities for businesses and organizations. You may read more about this cookie and their Privacy Policy here.
Email subscribers: Users might be asked to subscribe to our newsletter by providing name and email address to receive communication from Zen Pencils. We use a secure op-in subscription system (Aweber) and we reserve the right to contact subscribers with information related to this website and blog. Subscribers may unsubscribe anytime and every email delivered will contain an “Unsubscribe” link.
UPDATED: December 2012
