The following text is extracted and transformed from the gainsy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-25. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
GAINSY Forex Broker - Privacy & Refund Policy
Privacy & Refund Policy
1. Privacy Policy of GAINSY Company
GAINSY Company places a high priority on the privacy and integrity of the personal information of our Clients, both present and future and other visitors to the site. GAINSY Company strives to ensure the safety and confidentiality of all information received from the Client. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how GAINSY Company collects, uses and protects the personal information of the Client.
The Client's Personal Data
To open a demo or live account, GAINSY Company will need certain information (Personal Data) about the Client. The Personal Data that is collected by GAINSY Company may include:
information provided on applications and other Company forms, such as name, address, date of birth, passport data and occupation.
financial information such as income, assets, investment experience.
documents provided to confirm identity, such as passport, utility bills, and/or bank statements or company incorporation information;
payment documents: money transfer orders, bank statements, bank card copies, etc.
Use of Personal Data
GAINSY Company may use a Client's Personal Data for one or more of the following purposes:
to confirm the Client's identity;
to process trading and non-trading operations;
carry out GAINSY Company's anti-money laundering policy;
to inform the Client of Company products or services that may be of interest to the Client;
to provide other services that are relevant to the Client's business relationship with GAINSY Company;
to keep a correct database of the Client’s account data;
to analyze statistical data to provide Clients with the most suitable products and services.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files sent by a web server and stored on a visitor's browser which are read later by the server when the visitor returns to the site. Cookies store information such as passwords (encrypted), usernames, shopping cart, certain preferences, etc. allowing visitors to visit sites repeatedly without having to enter the same information over and over. Cookies are not used to determine the personal identity of anyone visiting the site.
Third Parties
GAINSY Company may convey the Client's Personal Data to associated or affiliated companies, agents or other authorized organizations or persons ("Authorized Persons") for the sole purpose of processing the Client's trading and non-trading instructions. GAINSY Company guarantees that all Authorized Persons will adhere to the terms of this Policy and take all necessary steps to protect the Client's Personal Data. GAINSY Company may provide Personal Data to third parties who are not GAINSY Company's partners, agents or affiliates only when requested by representatives of legal or administrative authorities.
Use of Information
By accepting the Client Agreement, the Client consents to GAINSY Company collecting, maintaining, using and disclosing their Personal Data in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
Security and Protection
GAINSY Company takes the issue of security very seriously and takes all possible measures to ensure the safety of your confidential information, including adhering to strict standards for the internal use of confidential information and using leading data storage technology. When making a payment with a credit/debit card, you will be transferred to the site of the processing center where you will fill out a form. To prevent the unauthorized use of your credit/debit card, your card information is transmitted to GAINSY in shortened form and through a secure server.
2. Refund Policy for Services, Credit/Debit Cards and Payment Systems of GAINSY Company
In certain exceptional circumstances, GAINSY Company may refund payments made by credit, debit card or payment system. In this case, the funds will be refunded to the card or account of payment system that was used for the replenishment of your customer's account.
Contacts
If you have any questions about this Policy do not hesitate to contact us:  support@gainsy.com.
GAINSY INC.
