The following text is extracted and transformed from the jokes.gr privacy policy that was archived on 2000-12-05. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement: Humor, On line Games, Quotes and Mobile Phones
Privacy Statement
JOKES.GR is committed to respect and protect your right to privacy online and we have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. Our privacy policy and practices are detailed below.
Information Automatically Logged
Our web server automatically logs some information in order to help diagnose problems, administer our Web site and gather broad demographic information. This kind of information is anonymous ( not personally identifiable) and includes the domain names and/or IP addresses of browsers that visit our site, time of day the site was visited, and other non-personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not damage your system or impair its functioning in any way. Cookies also make web surfing easier for you by saving your preferences.
Our Site uses cookies to deliver customizable services and content specific to your interestes, such as language preferences. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most features on our site.
Advertisers
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad companies, and we do not have access to this information.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. JOKES.GR is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Contacting JOKES.GR
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us.
JOKES.GR reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be posted to this page.
ON-LINE GAMES - SMS - CHAT
SEE THE: MOST RECENT - TOP 20 - BOTTOM 20
MAKE US YOUR HOME PAGE - REGISTER TO JOKES NEWSLETTER - LINK TO US
ABOUT - CONTACT - STATISTICS
(c) 1999-2000 JOKES.GR
