The following text is extracted and transformed from the designcommunity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-26. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement for DesignCommunity.com
Home
Artifice, Inc.
Search
Index
CAD Outpost
RenderCity!
PetitionOnline
3D Discussion
User Gallery
Great Buildings Discussion
Scrapbook
Great Buildings
Buildings
Architects
Places
Types
Books
3D Models
DW Pro
Free 3D
3D Home Design
Support
User Guide
Academic
Machines
AltaVista
Yahoo
Infoseek
Lycos
Excite
Amazon
Microsoft
MSN
Apple
Macintouch
Mapquest
Travelocity
ITN
Anywho
FindLaw
Translations
USPS
UPS
Fed Ex
|
Privacy Statement for DesignCommunity.com DesignCommunity.com provides free forums for public communication on design, world architecture, 3D design in particular, and 3D computer graphics, for designers, software users, and developers. We recommend that children under age 13 should not post to any public forum without parental permission and supervision.   Please send us your comments on our web site and web site policies.
Privacy Policy
Artifice, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.DesignCommunity.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
This site contains links to other sites. DesignCommunity.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We belong to various advertising networks from time to time. Some of these networks use their own ad serving system, to display ads on this site, instead of, or in addition to our own private ad serving system. Ads may contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but may in reality come from our partners who are serving ads on our site.
Our web site uses cookies only to maintain your preferences settings, so when you revisit the site you will not have to reset certain options. The preferences are stored in the cookie on your computer, and no individual identifying or demographic information is stored in these preferences cookies. We do not have access to any information about you from cookies you might receive while visiting our site, and we do not provide third parties with any special information about your visit, including keywords, subject areas, zip codes or area codes.
Use of Cookies in Ad Servers
Some advertising delivery systems use a feature of your browser to set a "cookie" on your computer. This allows the system operators to measure and report aggregate information to advertisers such as the number of people who see their ad (reach) and the number of times people see their ad (frequency). It also allows us to deliver ads that are more relevant to you and avoid delivering the same ads too many times.
Cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to find out the identity of any user. We will only store information provided voluntarily, but this information is not personally identifiable. If for some reason you would rather not take advantage of the benefits made possible with cookies, most browsers allow you to reject cookies or to choose which cookies to accept.
Use of IP Addresses
Ad servers deliver Internet advertisements for enabled Web sites. In the process of delivering ads, ad servers recognize the URL and category of the active Web Page, information about your computer, such as the browser, operating system and IP address, and the home server from which you access the Internet. In some cases enabled Web sites provide ad servers with information such as keywords or subject areas. This information may be used to select advertisements that will work on your computer and are more relevant to your interests.
Your IP address may be privately cross-referenced to an industry-standard geo-targetting database, without using personal identifying information, to deliver advertising or content correlated to your general geographic location such as country, state, city, or direct marketing area.
Information regarding visitors to enabled sites is aggregated for the purposes of reporting to advertisers, ad sales organizations and the Web sites. Information about specific visitors is not made available to any of these organizations.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Internet connection information about specific visitors, including IP numbers, may be communicated to outside parties as we deem necessary in actions to stop abuse of these forums.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Site logs are maintained in secure server areas accessible only to specially qualified technical staff.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please don't hestitate to contact our site support staff, or to contact me directly:
Kevin Matthews President Artifice, Inc. PO Box 1588 Eugene, OR 97440 USA matthews@artifice.com
