The following text is extracted and transformed from the deskgram.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-15. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Deskgram - Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
Your name, password, e-mail address and device type when you register for a Deskgram account.
Your Instagram username and password. We never store your password for your safety.
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use Deskgram and provide features to you.
We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.
Sharing Of Your Information
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside Deskgram (or the group of companies of which Deskgram is a part) without your consent, except as noted in this Policy.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
Our Site is not directed to children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us from contact page. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review it periodically.
