The following text is extracted and transformed from the capitaliq.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-07. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Notice for S&P Global Market Intelligence and S&P Indices
|
**
WHAT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (“PII”) DOES S &P GLOBAL MARKET INTELLIGENCE ("SPGMI") AND S&P DOW JONES INDICES ("SPDJI") COLLECT ABOUT YOU? **
Certain contact information that you provide to us may be considered PII under applicable data privacy laws. This information may include: your name, title and organization, address, telephone number, fax number, and email address.
WHY DOES S &P GLOBAL MARKET INTELLIGENCE AND SPDJI COLLECT PII?
To process your transactions, maintain your account, ensure your adherence to our Terms of Use, and respond to your inquiries.
To provide you with information about services and products that we believe may be of interest to you offered by S&P Global Market Intelligence and SPDJI and other parts of our parent company, S&P Global Inc.
HOW DOES S &P GLOBAL MARKET INTELLIGENCE AND SPDJI SHARE YOUR PII?
With our vendors to perform services on our behalf;
With other parts of S&P Global Inc. whose services and products might be of interest to you;
Potentially in conjunction with a sale or similar transfer of a business; and
When legally compelled or for other legal purposes.
In connection with these legitimate business purposes, your PII may potentially be shared outside of the country where it was collected, anywhere in the world.
IF YOU WANT TO LIMIT USE OR SHARING OF YOUR PII FOR MARKETING PURPOSES:
Indicate your preferences as noted below or write to us at privacy@spglobal.com or Global Head of Privacy, S&P Global Inc., 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041 with the following instructions:
I am an authorized user of the email account below and do not want to be contacted by S&P Global Market Intelligence and SPDJI via these methods for marketing purposes:
* Required information
SECURITY
We have established safeguards and use reasonable security measures to protect your PII from unauthorized access and use. Your PII may be stored in a secure location in the U.S., or in a jurisdiction outside of your current location, and access is limited to authorized persons.
INTERNET PROTOCOL (IP) LOGS
When you visit our site, our servers automatically log and record your IP address. We use log data to monitor the use of our sites and services. We do not associate your IP address with any PII to identify you personally, except in cases of violation of the Terms of Use.
COOKIE USAGE
Please note that by using this site, you consent to the use of the cookies described below.
S&P Global Market Intelligence and SPDJI or our third-party service providers use cookies (or other anonymous tracking technologies that do not collect personally identifiable information) when you visit our web site. A “cookie” is a small text file placed on your computer or device, which helps our web site function better.  We use the following types of cookies on this web site:
“Strictly necessary” cookies, which have to be set to allow us to deliver the site to you and to provide specific services that you request from us. The services offered by this site that require cookies to function include:
account log-in
shopping basket/online store
billing
comments/blog features
“Performance” or “Analytics” cookies, which help us to collect information about how visitors use our site, and helps us with site analysis and improvements.
“Functionality” cookies, which allow our site to remember your choices or preferences, such as information on online forms or previous orders. These cookies allow us to offer you a personalized experience while using the site. They are not used to track your browsing activity on other websites.
Some of our advertisers may set cookies allowing them to collect information about your online visits. They do this in order to present relevant ads about goods and services that may be of interest to you. We cannot control their use of cookies and do not have access to any cookies they may set.
You can change your web browser’s Internet preferences to disable or delete cookies, although that may affect certain functions on this site. To learn how to manage your cookies, please follow the instructions from your specific browser, or follow the links below:
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
Opera
Until “Do Not Track” protocol has been finalized, this site’s information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices it provides to consumers, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy and Cookie Notice, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.
If you are visiting this site using a mobile device such as a smartphone or tablet, please refer to the manufacturer’s instructions on how to manage cookies.
MOBILE APPS
Our mobile apps obtain the information you provide when you download them. Such information may include your name, email address, user name, and password. In addition, the app may collect certain information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use, the device’s unique ID and IP address, your mobile operating system, the type of browser you use, and information about the location of your mobile device. You can stop all collection of information by the app by uninstalling it.
QUESTIONS AND CONCERNS
To review and confirm the accuracy of your PII, or to contact us with concerns or questions, please write to  privacy@spglobal.com  or Global Head of Privacy, S&P Global Inc., 55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041.Click here for more information about S&P Global Inc.'s Customer Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY AND COOKIE NOTICE TRANSLATIONS
Arabic
Chinese
French
German
Hebrew
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Malaysian
Polish
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
Turkish
Last updated: April 2016. Future revisions to this Privacy and Cookie Notice will be posted at this location.
|
