The following text is extracted and transformed from the capmag.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-12-14. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Capitalism Magazine
The Capitalism Magazine web site does not collect personal information about individuals except when knowingly provided by such individuals (or as otherwise described below).  Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online (for example on message boards, through e-mail, or in chat areas), that information can be collected and used by Capitalism Magazine and by others, and may result in unsolicited messages.
COOKIES: "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. We use 'cookie' technology in a limited way to help deliver advertisements, to identify unique browsers that visit us and to track usage throughout our site. Additionally, each time you visit any of our sites, our servers automatically collect information about which pages are visited and the domain name of visitors for purposes of research and analysis. All of this information is used for internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors and for traffic audits. In some instances, the information may be aggregated and sold to third parties. In cases where you supply us with personal information as part of an online survey, you may receive a phone call from us for confirmation purposes or, when indicated, for an interview by a reporter.
IMPORTANT EXCEPTIONS : Notwithstanding anything else in this privacy policy, Capitalism Magazine may release account information when it believes that such release is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with law, (2) enforce or apply terms of any of our member agreements, or (3) protect the rights, property or safety of Capitalism Magazine, other users, or others.
OUTSIDE PARTIES AND SITES: Through Capitalism Magazine you may be introduced to a variety of third-party vendors and sites. For example, you can review the products offered by the vendors included on our site. The privacy policies of these third parties are not under our control and may differ from ours. The use of any information that you may provide to any third party, or the use of 'cookie' technology by any third party, will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site that you are visiting. In some cases these third parties may share the information that they collect about you with Capitalism Magazine. If you have any doubts about the privacy of the information you are providing on another site, we recommend that you contact that site directly for more information and review their privacy policy.
YOUR CONSENT: By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Capitalism Magazine. If we find it necessary or desirable to change our privacy policy in the future, we will post changes as soon as they go into effect so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
|  About Us
Support Us
Contact Us
Submissions
Email Newsletter
Site Map
Site Survey
User Agreement
Privacy
Legal
Forum Rules
Banners
