The following text is extracted and transformed from the captaincookscasino.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Security : Captain Cooks Casino Privacy Policy
CAPTAIN COOKS CASINO OFFERS YOU
Become a Millionaire NOW!
Collection of Personal Details
Details that may be collected and held for processing include:
Information that identifies you, such as your name, address, date of birth and gender;
Your email address;
Your telephone number
Processing of Personal Details
Any personal data received in regards to an account holder and/or registrant is:
Processed in accordance with the rights of the Account Holder concerned
Obtained only for a specific and lawful purpose
Kept in a secure manner
Is utilised for marketing purposes based on the opt-out principle
Disclosure of Information
Captain Cooks Casino will instruct and authorize the credit financial institution by which an Account Holder's account is held to disclose any information as may be requested by any Governing Authority in respect of an Account Holder's account.
Captain Cooks Casino will disclose personal data when ordered to do so by any Governing Authority and/or under any legal provision contained in the Governing Law. For fraud detection and control purposes the Player agrees that Captain Cooks Casino has the right to transfer your personal data to third parties, including so-called AVS service providers and other partners.
Furthermore, Captain Cooks Casino reserves the right to disclose personal data to relevant recipients where Captain Cooks Casino has reasonable grounds to suspect irregularities that involve the Player's Casino Account.
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Marketing Materials
Captain Cooks Casino reserves the right to process personal data for CRM purposes. Players can unsubscribe from promotional material sent electronically at any time by contacting The Casino Support Centre.
Correction of Incorrect Account Information
The Account Holder has the right to access the Account Holder's own personal data and/or has the right to correct and/or erase wrong and/or inappropriate data.
Cookies / ActiveX
Captain Cooks Casino website works by using cookies and Active X components for (but is not limited to) the following purposes:
To identify the Account Holder's preferred language so it is automatically selected when the Account Holder returns to Captain Cooks Casino;
For analysis of the Captain Cooks Casino website traffic so as to allow us to make suitable improvements.
The operation of the games (such as the flash casino)
Captain Cooks Casino guarantees:
Not to sell, give away, or otherwise communicate your personal or corporate information to any other persons or companies. If you would like to unsubscribe from our mailing list please contact The Casino Support Centre.
To use your personal data to provide you with information or materials only if you requested it.
Verification Policy
By registering an Account with Captain Cooks Casino, the Player is giving the Casino consent to conduct any verification as required.
Captain Cooks Casino reserves the right to ask Players for verification documents following deposits and/or prior to executing a withdrawal.
Where it is required for any fraud or anti-money laundering investigations, the Casino may request additional information to ascertain the Player’s source of funds and/or wealth.
For verification purposes, Captain Cooks Casino reserves the right to ask for a clear copy of (but is not limited to):
Valid identity document (passport, national ID card or driver’s licence)
A copy of the card in question showing the card holder name, or evidence of the deposit method used (if applicable)
Documents confirming residence, such as a bank statement or utility bill, no older than 3 months
Should it be deemed necessary Captain Cooks Casino may also require these documents to be certified by a registered Notary.
Casino play at Captain Cooks Casino is available only to persons older than 18 years of age. Anyone using the casino software who is found to be under the age of 18 will have all game play voided and any winnings forfeited. Captain Cooks Casino may also report the matter to relevant authorities.
Captain Cooks Casino reserves the right to seek information about the extent of the Player’s intended gambling during the verification process.
Any documents provided to Captain Cooks Casino will be held in confidence and stored for five years from the date on which Player’s Account is closed (unless there is a regulatory reason which Casino must comply with which extends this period).
Captain Cooks Casino takes a Risk based approach to mitigate the presence of money laundering, fraud and criminal activity. A Player’s account may be frozen and any payment withheld, where the casino is unable to verify the Player’s identity.
The Casino Rewards Group does not endorse spam. Only registered real or guest players that have chosen to click on the "Opt In" button on campaigns or who have entered their email address on a giveaway competition are placed on our email lists.
If you would like to unsubscribe from our mailing list please contact The Casino Support Centre.
A Note To International Users: Please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to, processed and stored in overseas locations. The data protection laws may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the respective countries. By using our services or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in overseas locations.
