The following text is extracted and transformed from the wikinut.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-22. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Wikinut privacy policy
By Chief Nut, 8th Nov 2009 | | RSS Feed | Short URL http://nut.bz/t11ys0ay/
Posted in WikinutGuidesUsing WikinutLegal
This policy describes what personal details Wikinut collects from our users and what we do with any information we collect.
What information we collect
How we use this information
Updating your information
Contacting us
What information we collect
We ask for a limited amount of personal information (meaning any information about you from which you can be personally identified) from our members.
Some of this information is collected when you open a Wikinut account, and other information can be submitted at a later date.
By using Wikinut you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the terms of this privacy policy, and that any information you submit can be used by Wikinut for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
If you do not wish to provide your information to Wikinut, you should not enter it on the site. However, this does mean you may not be able to make full use of Wikinut.
As part of our registration process, we offer you the chance to receive Wikinut promotional emails. You should untick this option if you wish to opt-out.
Wikinut is not responsible for the privacy polices of any third party websites that are linked to from Wikinut pages.
How we use this information
We may use your personal details to:
Create, operate and manage your Wikinut account
Send any payments
Contact you in response to queries
Contact you with regards to changes to our Terms of use
Keep you informed of promotions (if you are opted-in)
Prepare statistics about the usage of Wikinut
Conform to any legal requirements or comply with any legal processes
Investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or other improper activity
Any other purpose which is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations to you
Wikinut will not send you unsolicited information regarding any third party commercial offers or advertisements.
Wikinut will never sell your details to any third party. However, we may transfer your information in the event that we sell or transfer our business or any part of it; including in the event of insolvency.
Updating your information
You may update your details at any time from within your Wikinut account pages (using the "Edit profile" page), or you can delete your details by terminating your account. Please note that this may mean your articles will be removed from the site.
You may ask for a copy of your information held by Wikinut by contacting us.
Contacting us
If at any time you believe that Wikinut has not adhered to the principles contained within this policy, please contact us and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem.
Wikinut
27 Broadwell Drive,
Leigh
WN7 3NE
UK
