The following text is extracted and transformed from the netlike.blogspot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - netlike
Privacy Policy
Sponsored Links **
Privacy Policy**
Privacy Policy for netlike (http://netlike.blogspot.com) If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at admin at netlike.blogspot.com.  At netlike.blogspot.com (henceforth referred as “Results" "Government Jobs”), the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by “netlike” and how it is used.
“netlike” is hosted on Blogger and uses analytics tools like Google Analytics and Stat Counter. Though the owners of “netlike” do not directly use any log files, but since the site is hosted on Blogspot, there may be some log files being used by Blogger. The information inside the log files may include internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons: “netlike” does not use cookies.
DoubleClick DART Cookie:
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network
privacy policy at the following URLs – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html & https://www.google.com/adsense/support/bin/answer.py?answer=100557&sourceid=aso&subid=ww-en-et-asblog_2009-03-23&medium=link
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include …….
.:: Google Adsense
.:: Infolinks
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on “netlike” send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
“netlike” has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
The advertisers may also use “Interest Based Advertising” – the details of which can be found on one of the URL’s mentioned above.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. “netlike” privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Note : Candidates can get the any other information or any other Sarkari Naukri / Government Jobs directly in your inbox by subscribe your e-mail id in a form give below.
Popular Posts
SSC Result 2011 Maharashtra, 10th Result - check now - www.msbshse.ac.in : The Secondary School Certificate - SSC (10th Class) Result ...
www.ssc.nic.in - SSC Result 2010 - 2011 - Staff Selection Commission - SI CPO : The Staff Selection Commission (SSC) Government of India has...
UP Board 12th Class Result 2011 - check now - ww.upresults.nic.in : The Uttar Pradesh (UP) Board 12th Class Result 2011 will declared soon a...
Bihar Board Matric Result 2011 - check now - www.biharboard.bih.nic.in : The Bihar School Education Board (BSEB) - Bihar Board Patna Matric...
SSLC Results 2011 Tamilnadu - check now - www.tnresults.nic.in : The Tamil Nadu Board (TN Board) SSLC (10th Class) examination Results 2011...
UP Board Intermediate Result 2011 - check now - ww.upresults.nic.in : The Uttar Pradesh (UP) Board Intermediate Result 2011 will declared s...
Bihar Board Intermediate Result 2011, 12th Result 2011 - check now - www.biharboard.bih.nic.in : The Bihar School Education Board (BSEB) Pa...
UPTU Result - UPTU Result 2010 - 2011 - check now - www.uptu.ac.in : The Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU) formerly know as Uttar Pr...
Plus Two Results 2011 Kerala, HSE Results 2011 - check now - www.dhsekerala.gov.in : The Kerala Board - Higher Secondary Examination (HSE), ...
UGC NET Result - UGC NET December 2010 Result - check now - www.ugc.ac.in : The National Eligibility Test (NET) is conducted every year in J...
