The following text is extracted and transformed from the netscape.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
AOL UK Privacy
The AOL company name has changed to Oath. The way we handle your information hasn't changed, so the Oath Privacy Policy will continue to govern when you are on previously branded AOL products, services, or technologies, including AOL ail, AOL.co.uk, HuffPost UK, Engadget, TechCrunch, Moviefone, and Makers.
This notice provides highlights of the full privacy policy and covers the collection and use of information when you use the Oath or HuffPost UK brand websites, services, and software (collectively the "Oath Services") and other content and offerings from Oath (UK) Limited, its subsidiaries and Affiliates (together "AOL") ("AOL", "We" and "Us"), as well as any websites owned by or affiliated with Oath and operating under different names.
Personal Information
We or data processors acting under our control may collect information which may identify you or your Oath account ("Personal Information") when you make your information known, such as by registering or logging into AOL Mail or the HuffPost UK, authenticating, making purchases, or interacting with other Oath Services.
If you do not make yourself known to us, your use of our content and services is generally anonymous.
How we use your Information
Your Personal Information is used to operate and improve our services, fulfill your requests and communicate with you, conduct research, and personalise the content and advertisements provided to you.
Information Sharing
Oath (or data processors acting on our behalf) do not share, sell or rent your personal information to third parties. Your information is only shared with third parties with your permission, or in response to legal process.
Internet Advertising
Our ability to provide the Oath Services depends on advertising, including advertising provided by Oath affiliates such as ONE by AOL advertising services. Some of the adverts on our services are displayed based on the page visited and some are targeted to you based on your interests and other information we have about you. We want you to understand how internet advertising works and offer resources and choices. Learn more.
Cookies
Our services rely on the use of cookies. A cookie is a piece of data that a website stores on your device so it can recognize it at a later time.
Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
NEWSLETTERS
Our newsletters may contain tracking gifs and adverts. If you have subscribed to any Oath or HuffPost UK newsletters you will have consented to this.
Your Choices
You can opt-out of the use of your data for interest-based advertising delivered by the ONE by AOL advertising services. You will still receive advertising that is not interest-based.
We give you choices about how we use your personal information. If you have registered with AOL you can set your Marketing Preferences to control how we communicate offers to you.
You can manage cookies using browser controls.
Individual products or services may offer additional controls or preferences.
How to Opt-Out
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising delivered by the ONE by AOL advertising services. You will still receive advertising that is not interest-based.
You can find out more about how we use cookies and opt out by visiting our Cookie Policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact us at:
Data Protection Officer
Oath (UK) Limited
11-20 Capper Street
London
WC1E 6JA
or via email to:datainfouk@aol.com
