The following text is extracted and transformed from the pakistantimes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Pakistan Times (PT) cares about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following terms to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting and registering at Pakistan Times portal you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We will never sell your personal information, or use it for any other purpose other than logging in/out, demographics for our knowledge, and any voluntary feature of the site.
We use cookies with minimal information in them. For Example we use cookies set to remember your preferences when you visit, i.e favorite tabs, location etc
We use Google Analytics to gather visitors data and other important statistics about the use of Pakistan Times, which is covered by Google’s Privacy policy
In details
What does Pakistan Times Privacy Policy Covers?
All the personal information we collect is noted on your profile page. That includes your name, email, date of birth and biographic information. The personal information that you provide is used for Registration purpose. In order for you to participate in Pakistan Times communities or submit content or post your comments you must complete a registration form. As part of registration form, we require your email address.
Profile Information
Pakistan Times allows other users to browse your full name, instant messaging URL, and other details within your member profile should you provide this optional information. Pakistan Times allows for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the website.
What about Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser in order to check in if you are logged in or out. All the other information is located in Pakistan Times server. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our website (for example advertisers) details of which are given below.
Third party advertisements
Third party advertisements are displayed on the website under a contract with online ad serving platforms under the terms and conditions governed by them, however we will block all such advertisements and advertisers that have any visual or textual content which is not appropriate according to our Pakistani culture and values. We also constantly monitor our websites for the advertisements and take immediate action for blocking them in case any such appears on the website.
The users of this website may also consider the following:
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve advertisements based on the user’s prior visit to the website
Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to the website users based on the their visit to this website and/or other websites on the internet.
Users may “opt out” / withdraw from using DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads preference manager. Alternatively, users may opt out by visiting aboutads.info
