The following text is extracted and transformed from the pakreseller.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-05-14. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Linux Hosting and Linux Reseller and Domain Registeration at Cheap Price.
| Terms and Conditions
| Terms Of Service
Order verification
Service Level Guarantees
Privacy Policy
Domain Name Registration Agreement
Domain Name Dispute Resolution Policy
Pak_Reseller Privacy Policy
PRIVACY OF YOUR ACCOUNT.
We consider your registration data and the content of all of your messages to be private. The header of the messages that you send will contain your name (e-mail address) and Internet Protocol (IP) address. We will not intentionally monitor or disclose any of your e-mail messages or registration data unless we are required to do so:
to enforce these Terms and Conditions,
by law,
to defend us in any legal action,
to protect our property.
Additionally, you agree to respect the privacy and confidentiality of others. Since your password is essential for protecting your privacy, we encourage you not to share it with anyone and change it frequently.
PRIVACY OF YOUR REGISTRATION DATA.
Pak_Reseller collects information during the registration process. The personally identifiable information that Pak_Reseller collects includes first and last name. Pak_Reseller also collects non-personally identifiable information such as country, age, gender, etc. You may update your Registration Information at any time from the members' area.
We may disclose aggregate registration statistics in connection with our marketing activities.
WHY DO WE NEED THIS INFORMATION?
Your registration information is needed to operate the site, to provide support for your account, for statistical purposes, etc. Pak_Reseller will not send you any unsolicited information, including e-mail, except as mentioned below. New Customers will receive a Pak_Reseller welcome letter explaining the features provided by the service. Pak_Reseller may also send periodic member letters to announce important service changes, new features, technical issue updates and news about the Service. Pak_Reseller keeps your personally identifiable information private and does not share it with any unauthorized third parties.
