The following text is extracted and transformed from the websitetemplates.bz privacy policy that was archived on 2007-11-28. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers Website templates .bz treatment of personally identifiable information collected through our website owned and operated by Website templates .bz.
This privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Website templates .bz does not own or control, or of persons that WebsiteTemplates does not employ or manage, including any third-party content contributors bound by contract and any third-party websites to which Website templates .bz website links.
You can visit the websites of Website templates .bz without revealing any personal information. However, we require certain personal information from you upon the purchase our products, registering for becoming a reseller account or your use of certain Website templates .bz services.
The required information may include your personal contact information and/or your company contact information. Website templates .bz will use this information to reply to your inquiries, to provide you with products and services requested, to set up your personal account, and to contact you regarding new products and services.
By accessing the services of Website templates .bz and voluntarily providing us with the requested personal information, you assent to the collection and use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Website templates .bz automatically receives and records non-personal information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you requested. Website templates .bz may use this information to customize the advertising and content you see and to fulfill your requests for certain products and services. However, Website templates .bz does not connect this non-personal data to any personal information collected from you.
Website templates .bz also allows third party companies that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Again, these cookies are not connected to any personal information. Third party cookie usage is subject to their own privacy policies, and Website templates .bz assumes no responsibility or liability for this usage.
a) Website templates .bz may disclose your personal information to third parties which work on behalf of Website templates .bz to provide products and services requested by you. We will share personal information for these purposes only with third parties whose privacy policies are consistent with ours or who agree to abide by our policies with respect to personal information
b) We may otherwise disclose your personal information when:
1. We have your express consent to share the information for a specified purpose;
2. We need to respond to subpoenas, court orders or such other legal process;
3. We need to protect the personal safety of the users of our websites or defend the rights or property of [Website templates](http://www.websitetemplates.bz/) .bz;
4. We find that your actions on our websites violate the [Website templates](http://www.websitetemplates.bz/) .bz Terms of Use document or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
If you do not consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this policy, please do not provide any personal information to Website templates . If you have provided personal information to WebsiteTemplates and no longer consent to its use or disclosure as outlined herein, please notify Website templates .
a) Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure. However, your Website templates .bz information is protected for your privacy and security.
b) Further, Website templates .bz retains your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes identified above or as required by law.
Website templates .bz may at any time, without notice to you and in its sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of Website templates .bz websites after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.
If you have questions or suggestions about this privacy policy, or your own personal information, please e-mail us.
