The following text is extracted and transformed from the iphonelife.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | iPhoneLife.com
We want you as a long-term customer and patron. We will treat you how we would like to be treated.
Below is our policy regarding usage of information collected by iPhone Life magazine and it's publisher, Mango Life Media LLC. On occasion we reevaluate this policy based on customer feedback, effective business practices, and treating customers fairly and properly.
We never give out phone numbers, nor do we ever telemarket. When collected, phone numbers are used only by our customer service representatives for support or a purchase concern.
We obtain email address and other information in any of a number of ways. These include but are not limited to:
Subscriptions to iPhone Life
Registering at this web site
Request for a sample print or electronic issue
Subscription to our email newsletters
Shopping cart purchases
Online surveys
On occasion we may send you relevant email concerning our products or services. There is an opt-out notice on any such email we send you. We will do our best to honor your intentions if you didn't opt-in when signing up for our forum or email newsletters, or if you explicitly opted out. However, we may have received your email address in several ways, or you may have multiple email addresses, so please excuse any unintentional additional email. Please opt-out again, or you may contact us at help@iphonelife.com with concerns or problems.
With your permission, when you opt-in, we will on occasion send you email about iPhone-related products. We will not abuse this privilege. You will always have the opportunity to opt-out. You will always know that we are the source with any such email.
We take all reasonable precautions to protect against loss or misuse of customer information. However, due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot assume liability for security breaches.
As part of our service, we link to many Web sites. We consider these useful, reputable sites. However, due to the changing nature of the Web, we cannot assume responsibility for content, security, or privacy policies of any of these Web sites.
We use cookies and web beacons to enable our shopping cart, to track web traffic, and support advertising partnerships such as Google, AdRoll and Tech Net. We do not profile or collect personally identifiable information on individuals.
As you browse iphonelife.com and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your (anonymous) online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you. If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising.  (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.)
We do not link the non-personally identifiable information we store using cookies (described above) to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site such as email, subscription detials, etc.
We use traffic pattern information from our Web sites, collected demographics, and Web survey information to provide better, more appropriate editorial products, deliver more targeted ads including retargeting campaigns, and to encourage vendors to advertise. We may share collective information internally and among potential advertisers, but we never share data about specific individuals.
If you would like to remove these cookies, you can disable cookies in your browser, or follow instructions for your specific browser and platform for clearing out your cookie data.
If you have complaints or concerns, you may e-mail the Publisher, David Averbach.
If you wish to unsubscribe from any of our newsletters, use the "Unsubscribe" or "Manage Subscriptions" link that you'll find at the bottom of each newsletter we send you. Otherwise, send an e-mail to help@iphonelife.com and let us know which newsletter you wish to be unsubscribed from.
All sensitive personal information, such as bank details and credit card numbers, are collected using a secure server (https://) and follows security regulations for such practices.
Blog Disclaimer
iPhone Life takes care to see that the information posted by bloggers on its website is accurate and truthful. However, iPhone Life does not expressly or impliedly warrant or guarantee the accuracy of its contents and the information others post through blogs and blog comments. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely those of the individual bloggers, and do not represent the views and opinions of iPhone Life magazine.
