The following text is extracted and transformed from the photographybay.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-28. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy » Photography Bay | Digital Camera Reviews, News and Resources
By visiting and using Photography Bay, you consent to the terms of this privacy policy for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes set forth below.
Information We Collect
Cookies
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you have set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you may need cookies to participate actively in message boards, forums, polling and surveys (if applicable).
Advertisers
Third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your browser, or using web beacons to collect information, in the course of ads being served on this site.
Statistics
This website employs tracking software to gather statistics of visitors.  Each time a visitor comes to this website, our tracking software collects and logs certain information.  These logs include, but are not limited to, your machine’s TCP/IP address, your username (if applicable), date, time and files accessed. These logs also contain information about ‘referrer’ information if you clicked on an external link to arrive on this site.
Personal Information
Personal information, such as your name, personal postal and email address, or personal telephone number, is collected only when you voluntarily provide it.  Such information is received when you send an email to this site or make some other specific contact, such as completing an online form or leaving a comment on a post or article page.
Revisions
Any changes to the this privacy policy will be communicated on this website. Policy changes will not alter how we handle previously submitted personal information. If you have any questions about our privacy policies or wish to update any of the personal information you have provided to us, please send an email to contact@photographybay.com.
