The following text is extracted and transformed from the photomodel.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement- photos of models | Canadian models | Canada next top model | model pictures
Basic Information:
This privacy policy is between you, the user of this website and us, Photomodel.ca, the owner and provider of the same. This policy applies to the use of any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of the website and any services or systems therein.
Without limitation, any of the following data may be collected:
Definitions and InterpretationIn this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account" collectively means the personal information, payment information and credentials used by users to access material and/ or any communications system on the website
"Content" means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this website
"Cookie" means a small text file placed on your computer by photomodel.ca when you visit certain parts of this website. This allows us to identify recurring visitors and to analyze their browsing habits within the site. Where e-commerce facilities are provided, cookies may be used to store your details. Further details are contained in Clause 10 and Schedule 1 of this Policy
"Data" collectively means all information that you submit to the website. This includes, but is not limited to, account details and information submitted using any of our services or systems
"photomodel.ca" means the website
"Service" collectively means any online facilities, tools, services or information that photomodel.ca makes available through the website either now or in the future
"System" means any online communications infrastructure that photomodel.ca makes available through the website either now or in the future. This includes, but is not limited to, web-based email, message boards, live chat facilities and email links
"User" / "Users" means any third party that accesses the website and is not employed by photomodel.ca and acting in the course of their employment
"Web Site" means the website that you are currently using (http://www.photomodel.ca) and any sub-domains of this site (e.g. http://anything.photomodel.ca), unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
Data Collected
Name
Date of Birth
Gender
Profession
Contact Information, including e-mail addresses.
Demographic Information.
IP Address (automatically collected)
Web Browser Type and Version (automatically collected)
Operating System (automatically collected)
A List of URLS starting with a referring Site, your activity on this Website, and the Site you exit to (automatically collected)
Cookie Information (see clause 10 below).
Other relevant Information
Our Use of Data
Any personal data you submit will be retained by photomodel.ca for as long as you use the services and systems provided on the website.  Data that you may submit through any communications system we may provide may be retained for a longer period.
Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to Clause 4, your data will not be disclosed to third parties.  This includes our affiliates, but does not include other companies within our group.
All personal data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998.  Fore more details on security, see clause 9 below.
Any or all of the above data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our website.  Specifically, data may be used by us for the following reasons:
Internal Record keeping
Improvement of our Products/ Services
Transmission by e-mail of promotional Materials that may be of interest to you
Contact for Market Research Purposes, which may be done using e-mai or Mail.  Such Information may be used to customize or update the Website.
Third Party Websites and ServicesPhotoModel.ca may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, payment handling, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing.  The providers of such services do not have access to certain personal data provided by users of this website.
Changes of Business Ownership and Control
PhotoModel.ca may, from time to time, expand or reduce its business and this may involve the sale of certain divisions or the transfer of control of certain divisions to other parties.  Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any division so transferred, be transferred along with that division and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this policy, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which it was supplied by you.
In the event that any data submitted by users will be transferred in such a manner, you will not be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.
Controlling Access to your Data
Wherever you are required to submit data, you will be given options to restrict our use of that data.  This may include the following:
Use of Data for direct Marketing Purposes
Sharing Data with Third Parties.
Your Right to Withhold Information
You may access certain areas of the Website without providing any Data at all.  However, to use all Services and Systems available on the Website, you may be required to submit Account Information or other Data.
You may restrict your Internet Browser’s use of Cookies.  For more information see clause 10.4 below.
Accessing your own Data
You may access your Account at any time to view or amend the Data.  You may need to modify or update your Data if your circumstances change.  Additional Data as to your marketing preferences may also be stored and you may change this at any time.
You have the right to ask for a copy of your personal Data on payment of a small fee.
Security
Data security is of great importance to photomodel.ca and to protect your data, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure data collected online.
Cookies
PhotoModel.ca may set and access cookies on your computer.  Cookies that may be placed on your computer are detailed in Schedule 1 of this Policy.
A Cookie is a small file that resides on your computer’s hard drive and often contains an anonymous unique identifier and is accessible only by the website that placed it there, not any other sites.
You may delete cookies, however you may loose any information that enables you to access the website more quickly.
You can choose to enable or disable cookies in your web browser.  By default, your browser will accept cookies, however this can be altered.  For further details please consult the help menu in your browser.  Disabling cookies may prevent you from using the full range of services available on the website.
Changes to this Policy
PhotoModel.ca reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time, or as may be required by law.  Any changes will be immediately posted on the website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the policy on your first use of the website following the alterations.
