The following text is extracted and transformed from the jackmyers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Jack Myers
for JackMyers.com
JackMyers.com ("JackMyers") is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. The purpose of this JackMyers privacy policy is to inform you, as a welcome visitor, what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit JackMyers, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. This privacy policy applies to the JackMyers site. Please note that this policy applies only to JackMyers, and not to other companies' or organizations' Web sites to which we link. Our policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' changing needs. All changes to our privacy policy will be posted here so that you are aware of our current practices.
Information
JackMyers collects personal information when you register with JackMyers and use our products or services. When you register we ask for information such as your name, contact information, email address, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. Once you register with JackMyers and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. JackMyers automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, JackMyers cookie information, and the page(s) you request. All requested information on the JackMyers site is not required. You may choose to post additional information about yourself. Please do not post sensitive data on registration pages such as credit card numbers, social security numbers or other personal data. JackMyers is not responsible for your disclosure of personal information on our registration form, sound offs, blogs, postings or other product offerings. You have the option to change your posted data at any time.
Disclosure
We do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to JackMyers or information that you may give us, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to any outside companies. JackMyers may share such information in response to legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or in special cases such as a physical threat to you or others. And we may share with our Web site partners and prospective customers aggregated statistical "ratings" information about the use of JackMyers.
Protection of Data
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
How to Contact Us
We have established procedures to ensure that every reasonable effort is made to address your concerns. If you have any questions or comments concerning this policy, please contact maryann@jackmyers.com or write to us: JackMyers.com, Attn: Legal Department, PO Box 27740, Las Vegas, NV 89126.
Commentary Archives
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
See all Archived Material
MediaVillage.com
Why Is TV Making Me Sad?
If TV is supposed to be so wonderful these days, why is it making me so sad? I’ve got a few ideas.
Mindshare: Election Season Comes to SXSW
This week, on Mindshare’s Culture Vulture Live, Jason Maggs, Associate Director of Mindshare’s Invention Studio, previews SXSW Interactive, which starts on March 11. (Click on video above.)
Stuart Elliott: Blurred Lines on Madison Avenue
The leaders of the advertising industry are realizing that blurred lines are not just for Robin Thicke anymore.
Political Science--An Interview with Alex Lundry
For our first episode of 2016, TMI: The Media Interview, powered by NCC Media, leans into the rough and tumble world of political advertising. Billions of dollars will be spent by campaigns, parties, PACS and special interest groups to sway American voters in 2016, and we spoke with a man who knows a bit about how it’s being done.
A Fond Farewell to The Independent
The Independent and its sister The Independent on Sunday have announced that they will cease to exist in paper form from later this month. Both will become digital-only titles. The stable’s little sibling The i will be sold to Johnson Press where one imagines it will continue in print form. Meantime, Trinity Mirror has launched a new title, The New Day, which will at least initially be a print-only title.
How the Magazine Business is Winning. That's Right, Winning!
And… Introducing your new favorite TV network: Facebook!
Telenovelas Continue to Heat Up Spanish-Language TV
After all the decades U.S. Spanish-language TV networks have existed -- four, beginning with the launch of Univision in 1975, when it was known as Spanish International Network or SIN -- one genre unique to this medium continues to dominate primetime. Year after year, telenovelas running nightly over a four-to-six month span rack up the viewers, the ratings and the advertising revenue.
The Shareability of OOH
Out of home (OOH) advertising exists in the real world, and is therefore an ideal way to amplify digital, social, and mobile media. The realness of OOH is why the OOH medium delivers more online activity per ad dollar than television, according to Nielsen.
Long-Term Ad Spending Growth Forecast: +5% Annually
Total ad spending is forecast to grow an average 5.0% annually through 2020 according to a new report issued today by MyersBizNet, the leading independent forecaster of advertising and marketing investments since 1986.
Upfront News and Views: Nickelodeon Kicks It Off
The Upfront and NewFront season has begun! Over the next three months, television networks running over broadcast, basic cable and/or satellite, plus digital services available through smart TV sets and devices smartening up those sets (such as Roku, Chromecast, Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV and Shield), will go public with their future programming strategies. The aim: Win a greater share of the advertising dollars transacted ahead of the 2016-17 TV season, which “begins” in mid-September, even in the age of year-round Peak TV. In what's become an annual MediaVillage tradition, we'll summarize and critique as many of these pubic showcases as possible, awarding coveted Jacks ratings for the overall events and in various categories from news value to the quality of presentations and presenters.
Upfront News and Views: TV Land and CMT
Viacom kicked off the 2016 Upfront showcase season with Nickelodeon last Wednesday, then followed up the next day with the rest of its key Kids & Family Group channels: Nick@Nite, TV Land and CMT.
Adulting is Hard – But Gaming Makes it Easier
This week, on Mindshare's Culture Vulture Live, Alexis Fragale explores Barnes & Noble's new game night series. (Watch video above.)
MediaBizBuzz: Yahoo, Tribune, Verizon, Vice and Billboards
A roundup of the week's key news from MediaVillage member companies and the wider media industry. This week, Yahoo readies a fire sale of assets, Tribune Media considers having its own fire sale, Vice launches its TV channel with a promise to revolutionize advertising, Verizon and Hearst want mobile Millennials to watch their new channels and Clear Channel billboards could soon be watching you -- plus much more news to keep an eye on.
Click Here for Membership Information
