The following text is extracted and transformed from the dblp.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-21. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
dblp: Data Privacy Policy
default search action
combined dblp search
author search
venue search
publication search
Semantic Scholar search
As of May 25th, 2018, we are updating our data privacy policy in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and German national regulations. On this page, you can find an abridged and legally non-binding summary of our policy. For the complete policy (in German only), see:
Datenschutzerklärung gemäß DSGVO Art. 12 im Bereich "Bibliographic Services"
General principles
We process personal data only to the extent necessary for the scientific or historical research and archival purpose of providing the dblp computer science bibliography.
With the (obvious) exception of the bibliographic metadata from the public domain, we do not share any of your personal data with third parties.
We do not track your user behavior or process any of your data for purposes of marketing or advertising.
There is no automated individual decision-making such as profiling or scoring.
Our web services and log files
The dblp web services make use of log files and HTTP cookies.
Log files of HTTP requests are stored by the web services to guarantee the operation of our services. Information stored in these these log files contain, among other technical information, IP, date, time and target of your request, and the referer and user-agent information sent by your browser. Log files are deleted regularly, but at the latest after 12 months, and are protected against unauthorized access.
We guarantee that cookies are only used to improve the user-friendliness of our website (e.g. to store a user's preferred data view). An identification of your browser after a page change or a tracking of your behavior does not take place. If you prefer that dblp does not store any cookies whenever you visit our website, please deactivate the use of cookies in your web browser. You can find more details on the concrete cookies we store in our FAQ.
Only in a small number number of instances, the dblp website will tell your browser to load data from third-party APIs (e.g., loading tweets from twitter.com). These features will always be optional, disabled by default, and a checkbox will be available where you can choose to enable and disable contacting third-party sites at any time. Please note that we do not have any control over how a third-party might use your connection data, so please proceed with care.
The dblp data set
The dblp computer science bibliography collects, curates, indexes, and organizes bibliographic metadata of scholarly publications in computer science. The collection contains all bibliographic core metadata that are usually accompanied by scholarly publications. This also applies to person-related metadata published by authors and editors about themselves in publicly available sources for the purpose of identification, such as given names, persistent IDs, institutional affiliations, or hyperlinks to academic websites. The metadata is obtained from publically available sources, such as publisher websites or open metadata APIs.
All bibliographic metadata we collect is republished indefinitely and globally accessible on our servers via web pages, data interfaces ("APIs"), and as full download. The metadata is available in various machine-readable data formats and under an open data license ("Open Data"). You can view all bibliographic metadata stored about you at any time and in full via the dblp website and the APIs.
We are always interested in correcting incorrect metadata and completing incomplete metadata records, and we are therefore very grateful for every hint and notification we receive. To inform us of errors and incompleteness in our data, please contact the dblp team. We will correct such instances as soon as possible.
Our bibliographic metadata is processed for scientific or historical research and archival purposes. Therefore, objection is only possible if it arises from your particular situation, and if your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh the legitimate information interests of the international research community to access the public metadata. If you feel you are in such a situation, please contact our data protection officer via the e-mail address dblp-privacydagstuhl.de. (Please do not use this address for non-privacy related requests. For usual dblp inquiries, please contact the dblp team.)
Nevertheless, you are of course free to contact your respective publisher at any time to withdraw your scientific publications. After successful withdrawal or retraction of your publication, please inform the dblp team; we will then remove the publication's person-related metadata from dblp.
