The following text is extracted and transformed from the myfbcovers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Facebook Covers, Timeline Covers, Facebook Banners - myFBCovers
CATEGORIES
Abstract
Anime & Cartoons
Cars & Automobiles
Celebrities
Companies & Websites
Food & Drinks
Games
Holidays & Celebrations
Humor
Love
Movies
Music
Nature
Pets & Animals
Photographs
Quotes & Sayings
Random
Schools
Sports
Support & Causes
TV Shows
India
For girls
Beautiful
Arrows
Astrology
Flags
I love
Fashion
Ecards
|  When accessing myFBCovers, myFBCovers will learn certain information about you during your visit. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to read or download information on our pages, we collect and store only the following information about you:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet
The date and time you access our site
The Internet address of the website you used to link directly to our site.
Any information granted through a Facebook Application
If you identify yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message.
The information collected is for statistical purposes. myFBCovers may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, myFBCovers uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
myFBCovers will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at myfbcovers@myfbcovers.com.
At myfbcovers.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by myfbcovers.com and how it is used.
Cookies and Web Beacons
myfbcovers.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
- Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on myfbcovers.com
- Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to myfbcovers.com and other sites on the Internet.
- Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on myfbcovers.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
myfbcovers.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. myfbcovers.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
