The following text is extracted and transformed from the etravelreviews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement for Earth Travel Reviews
Effective September 14, 2008
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online visitor information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. This notice applies to all online visitor information collected on the Earth Travel Reviews Web site. The types of online visitor information collected on the Earth Travel Reviews web site are:
Emails sent to us by our visitors
Visitor and session data recorded by server logs
Some of our online services are provided by third-party partners, including, but not necessarily limited to search engine services (Google Custom Search ), display advertising (Google Adsense), web site traffic analysis (Google Analytics), and web site hosting (Blue Host, Inc.). These partners may collect information about you. Because Earth Travel Reviews does not control the information policies or practices of these third parties, you should review their privacy policies to learn more about how they collect and use personally identifiable information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing us at: privacy@etravelreviews.com. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at privacy@etravelreviews.com
