The following text is extracted and transformed from the free-to-try.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Free-To-Try.com - Privacy Statement
Video Downloader Download video from any website with one click!
Useful Resources:
YouTube Converter Bender Converter is an easy-to-use online application for downloading and converting videos from such services as YouTube, Daily Motion, Mega Video, Vimeo, TwitVid.com, Veoh, Google Video and many others.
Monitor printer usage with Print Inspector.
Set up dual- and multi-screen Windows wallpapers with Actual Multiple Monitors
Take our simple typing lessons to learn  How to Type Fast and without errors.
Network bandwidth monitor - Monitor Network Traffic and Internet Usage.
Data Logger Software for RS232, COM, UDP, TCP/IP, SNMP.
Acronis True Image Home 2010  meets home user needs with a simple, yet comprehensive, backup and disaster recovery solution.
ASP.NET Forum - forum software for your .NET-based website
Want to download YouTube videos? Try our amazing Youtube Downloader for Windows.
freeware games downloads
Can't write essay yourself? Order one from Custom Writing Co.
This MP3 Joiner helps you combine many separate music tracks into one non-stop audio.
DBF Viewer and DBF File Manager
Information Collection and Use
When a visitor requests pages from Free-To-Try.com site, our Web Server automatically recognizes Browser Name and Version, User OS, User IP address, Path etc. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small piece of information that is sent by a web server to be stored on a web browser cache in plain text format, so that it can later be read back from that browser when this visitor returns to that web server. This becomes useful for keeping you logged in your personal account unless you log out, tracking your travel over a particular site, remembering user preferences etc. Cookies cannot be used to retrieve personal data from your hard drive, install a virus, get your email address, or steal sensitive information about who you are. You do not need to have cookies turned on to navigate through our site.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Keeping count of return visits;
Tracking downloads with affiliate partnership support to receive our affiliate commission if user decides to purchase the software later, after downloading and trying it;
We allow other companies that are presenting advertisements on Free-To-Try.com site to use tracking technologies. We do not give any personally identifiable information to them as part of this relationship. Our advertisers' use of tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies, and we do not have any access to this information.
Links to Other Resources
Free-To-Try.com web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us via contact form.
