The following text is extracted and transformed from the freefincal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Freefincal is a repository of excel-based calculators for personal finance, mutual fund and stock analysis. It also contains commentary, reviews, analysis and research on various topics of finance and investing presented to viewers in a blog-like format.
Interested readers who wish to follow ours post via email can subscribe to our newsletter service. For this they need to enter their email address in the form presented at the bottom right of each page or via an exit-intent pop-up when they are above to leave the page.
We do not collect any other personal information from readers.
We respect email privacy and will never share emails with anyone else. Our website is protected from brute-force malicious attacks.
We present advertisements from two agencies:
1)  Wordads by WordPress. The ads will not be contextual in nature and will only be from advertisers who wish to run local or global campaigns. We believe this preserves our integrity.
Revenue is earned by impressions only. That is by no of people who view the ads. Generally, there is no earnings associated with readers clicking on the ads.
2)  Adsense by Google. The ads will be contextual in nature, based on clicks and impressions, and is likely to depend on your browsing history. In order to preserve our integrity, all financial services ads have been disabled at the cost of significant revenue.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website.
Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting aboutads.info
If you have not opted out of third-party ad serving, the cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on your site, and should be disclosed in your privacy policy as well in the following manner.
The links to the appropriate vendor and ad network websites depend on your browsing history and freefincal is not aware of them.
You may visit those websites to opt out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising (if the vendor or ad network offers this capability). Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.
Our website is non-profit in nature. The revenue from the advertisement will only be used for hosting charges, domain registration charges, specific plugins necessary for traffic growth and analytics services for search engine optimization.
Any changes in this privacy policy will be immediately conveyed to all readers/user by updating this page, via email and in the latest post.
Sincerely yours,
Team Freefincal
Want to conduct a sales-free "basics of money management" session in your office?
I conduct free seminars to employees or societies. Only the very basics and getting-started steps are discussed (no scary math):For example: How to define financial goals, how to save tax with a clear goal in mind; How to use a credit card for maximum benefit; When to buy a house; How to start investing; where to invest; how to invest for and after retirement etc. depending on the audience. If you are interested, you can contact me: freefincal [at] Gmail [dot] com. I can do the talk via conferencing software, so there is no cost for your company. If you want me to travel, you need to cover my airfare (I live in Chennai)
Connect with us on social media
Twitter @freefincal
Facebook
Subscribe to our Youtube Videos
Posts feed via: Feedburner
We are also on Google Plus and  Pinterest
Do check out my books
You Can Be Rich Too with Goal-Based Investing
My first book is now available at a 35% discount for Rs. 258. It comes with nine online calculators.   Get it now.  The Kindle edition is only Rs. 199.
Gamechanger: Forget Startups, Join Corporate & Still Live the Rich Life You Want
My second book is now only Rs 199 (Kindle Rs. 99) Get it or gift it to a young   earner
The ultimate guide to travel by Pranav Surya
This is a deep dive analysis into vacation planning, finding cheap flights, budget accommodation, what to do when travelling, how travelling slowly is better financially and psychologically with links to the web pages and hand-holding at every step.   Get the pdf for ₹199 (instant download)
Create a "from start to finish" financial plan with this free robo advisory software template
Free Apps for your Android Phone
All calculators from our book, “You can be Rich Too” are now available on Google Play!
Install Financial Freedom App! (Google Play Store)
Install Freefincal Retirement Planner App! (Google Play Store)
Find out if you have enough to say "FU" to your employer (Google Play Store)
About Freefincal
Freefincal has open-source, comprehensive Excel spreadsheets, tools, analysis and unbiased, conflict of interest-free commentary on different aspects of personal finance and investing. If you find the content useful, please consider supporting us by (1) sharing our articles and (2) disabling ad-blockers for our site if you are using one. We do not accept sponsored posts, links or guest posts request from content writers and agencies.
Blog Comment Policy
Your thoughts are vital to the health of this blog and are the driving force behind the analysis and calculators that you see here. We welcome criticism and differing opinions. I will do my very best to respond to all comments asap. Please do not include hyperlinks or email ids in the comment body. Such comments will be moderated and I reserve the right to delete the entire comment or remove the links before approving them.
