The following text is extracted and transformed from the freewareweb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-28. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
FreewareWeb -> Privacy Statement
** Privacy Statement**
We respect your privacy. Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Any information you give to FreewareWeb will be held with the utmost care, and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties:
FreewareWeb does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including membership forms or email lists.
Browser information collected on the website:
FreewareWeb analyzes website logs to constantly improve the value of the materials available on website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable , and we do not attempt to link them with the individuals that actually browse the site.
The third-party advertising companies we use to serve ads when you visit our website may use some non-personally identifiable information (e.g., browser type, regional location or subject of advertisements clicked) about your visits to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. For more information about this practice and your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here.
| SPECIAL SALE - MASSIVE WEB HOSTING!
Get unlimited web space, unlimited monthly download bandwidth, FTP, Frontpage, SQL, PHP, Perl, SSI, Web-based email, forums, 24/7 Live support and more. Don't miss out on this, get ONE YEAR of top notch hosting that includes all of the above for just ~~$7.95~~ $4.44 per month, with free set up AND a free domain! Moreover, use exclusive Globat coupon code james1 and get another month free on top of all that!
Try it with full ONE YEAR money back guarantee today!
---|---
Copyright Information & Disclaimer, Privacy Policy
