The following text is extracted and transformed from the freelancer-job.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-04-15. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Freelancer job - finish project and earn money as freelance.Be paid using moneybookers
Skills
ASP(0)
PHP(0)
PERL CGI(0)
JAVASCRIPT(0)
XML(0)
JAVA(0)
C\C++(0)
.NET(0)
VISUAL BASIC(0)
DELPHI(0)
FLASH(0)
WEBISTE DESIGN(0)
CMS TEMPLATE(0)
LOGO DESIGN(0)
BANNER DESIGN(0)
GRAPHIC DESIGN(0)
WEBSITE SECURITY(0)
SCRIPT INSTALLATION(0)
BUSINESS PLAN(0)
PROJECT MANAGEMENT(0)
SYSTEM ADMIN(0)
LINUX(0)
WINDOWS(0)
HARDWARE(0)
ENGINEERING(0)
SEO(0)
BACKLINKS - LINKS BUILDING(0)
WEB PROMOTION(0)
MARKET RESEARCH(0)
TRANSLATION(0)
COPYWRITING(0)
Freelancer moneybookers  |
A freelancer is an independent worker, not on salary, hired instead on a project basis.Join free and pay only a small commission afther you finish job.
Webmasters - Outsource your programming projects! - If you require professional programming or website design for your business, whether its a long-term job or just a single project, you will find the help you need here at the prices you want to pay. No matter how big or small your budget is, freelancers from around the world will compete for your business.
Programmers - Get paid for doing what you love to do!- Best of all is that there are no signup fees nor monthly fees. You've got nothing to lose!- The clients you find on Freelance-job can send money directly to your account here, and you can withdraw those funds whenever you want using moneybookers payment service.
|  |  Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Freelancer-job.com
Freelancer-job.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Freelancer-job.com
For each visitor to Freelancer-job.com web site, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address. Freelancer-job.com collects only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our web site, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web site, used to notify consumers about updates to our web site, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
When you participate on the Freelancer-job.com web site, we request certain information. Freelancer-job.com does not share any of your personally identifiable or transactional information with any person or entity. No other third party receives your personally identifiable information or other transactional data except for those with whom you have transactions.
If you supply Freelancer-job.com with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Personally Identifiable Information-When visiting Freelancer-job.com's or any Client's Web site and signing up for or using Freelancer-job.com services through any Service Page, you may choose to supply Freelancer-job.com with information that identifies users personally. For End-Users (Suppliers of Service), this information may include name and contact information, gender, birth date, occupation and industry, shipping and billing information, credit card numbers and other payment information, behavior patterns, purchase history, and other information.
From time to time, Freelancer-job.com may use customer information for new, innovative and unanticipated uses not previously disclosed or described in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to the Freelancer-job.com web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses or changes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by contacting us here. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them.
Aggregate Information--Freelancer-job.com collects non-identifying, general, generic and aggregate information to better design our Web site and services, and shares the aggregate data with advertisers and other third parties. With respect to security: Freelancer-job.com uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer and transaction data exchanged with our site.
| GetAFreelancer.com New Projects
Data Entry for a Wiki Website by MapleRadio
Hi, The project I have is to upload articles onto a Wiki website. In addition, the person will have to create a page on the Wiki with information pertaining to the article they just uploaded and provide a link to the article... (Budget: $30-250, Jobs: Data Entry, Data Processing)
Photoshop to wireframe CSS/XHTML site by ironnie79
I need a site created based on the provided Photoshop design files and site map. This is a basic site mostly display but includes two contact forms. These do not be to programmed just wireframe. The... (Budget: $250-750, Jobs: Website Design)
Increase my Alexa-Traffic (global traffic) by innu696
we are looking for an expert in increasing our traffic for pushing our alexa ranking. The targeted traffic should be worldwide (not only india, china, ...). If you are interested in pushing our... (Budget: $250-750, Jobs: SEO, Web Promotion)
200 GMAT Maths Questions by tukituko
This project requires the winner to supply us with a bucket of ABSOLUTELY ORIGINAL Math Questions prepared and presented in the stype of the GMAT (TM) test. Total number of questions shall be 200, with... (Budget: $30-250, Jobs: Copywriting, Data Entry, Data Processing, Proofreading, Training)
Article Rewriting by ginaseo
I need to rewrite 144 articles. Each article consist on 300-450 words. But, the key words in articles should remain same. (Budget: $30-250, Jobs: Copywriting, Data Entry, SEO)
Basic Site - Gift to my fiance by pasricha
I want to make a very basic website for my fiance and surprise her, a site that has how we met, about us pictures and more, i dont know how it shud be, but i want it simple and nice. (Budget: $30-250, Jobs: .NET)
website/osecommerce by coqui
I need assistance creating an ecommerce interface that lets the user choose from images and then that info is processed the the cart. This is a very basic breakdown. I have layout info and more for interested parties... (Budget: $750-1500, Jobs: OsCommerce, PHP, Website Design)
Banner design oscommerce site by dzingis
Hi I need banner layout for ecommerce site. Just graphics (psd would be best), no html is required Banner should be on white background, There should be six links (icons I think would be the best)... (Budget: $30-250, Jobs: Banner Design, Graphic Design, Logo Design, Photoshop, Website Design)
200 GMAT Questions by tukituko
In this Project the winner will have to draft 200 unique, original GMAT READING COMPREHENSION QUESTIONS. Each reading comprehension passage will be the basis of 3 to 8 different questions. As you may... (Budget: $30-250, Jobs: Copywriting, Data Entry, Data Processing, Proofreading, Training)
REWORKING & ADDING TO EXISTING WEBSITE by valcroissant
I HAVE SOME CHANGES TO MY EXISTING WEBSITE AND WOULD LIKE TWO ADDITIONAL LINKS PUT IN. IT SHOULD TAKE 1-2 HOURS MAXIMUM (Budget: $30-250, Jobs: Web Promotion, Website Design)
RSS integration byRSSinclude
