The following text is extracted and transformed from the freehosting.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-04. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Free Hosting - PP
By signing up for the Services You warrant that You are at least 18 years old, and legally capable of entering into a binding contract; or acting with the express permission and using the payment details of a person or organization who in turn is agreeing to be bound by the terms of this contract. You acknowledge and accept that Your use of the Services must be in accordance with the General Terms & Conditions, Acceptable Use Policy and Fair Use Policy. By nature of owning a FreeHosting.com account, You accept these Terms of Service.
Privacy Policy
Your right to privacy is very important. FreeHosting.com (referred to below as "we" or "us") recognize that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner. We believe this information should only be used to help us provide you with a better service. That's why we have put a policy in place to protect your personal information.
By using this website, you give your consent that all personal data you submit may be processed in the manner and for the purposes described below.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 ("the Act"), the data controller is FreeHosting.com
We may collect and process the following data about You:
Details of transactions You carry out through our website and the fulfilment of your order.
When making a purchase with FreeHosting.com, we will collect your contact information, which includes name, address, email address and phone number, as well as payment information.
When you become a FreeHosting.com customer you automatically subscribe to electronic newsletter and special offer promotions. You can adjust your email preferences and/or unsubscribe from certain communications via your FreeHosting.com Control Panel.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Other information to help us provide you with improved services.
We may also collect information from the cardholder of another member of your household.
We use information about you in the following ways:
To help us identify you and any accounts you hold with us
To enable us to review, develop and improve the website and services.
To provide customer care.
To carry out marketing and statistical analysis.
To notify you about changes to our website and services.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contact for such purposes.
Information we receive from other sources
FreeHosting.com work alongside third parties (including business parties, service providers and fraud protection services) and we may receive information from them about you. These third parties may collect information about you including, but not limited to, your IP address, device-specific information, server logs, device event information, location information, unique application numbers, and local storage. These sources provide their features, which are incorporated on Our website and may have their own privacy statements.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
Any cardholder who has purchased services on your behalf.
Any employees, agents or service providers of FreeHosting.com to deal with any accounts or to deliver specific services to you.
Any associated company who are our business partners and/or with whom we work.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to their entering into appropriate confidentiality undertakings.
If FreeHosting.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of FreeHosting.com, our customers, or others. This includes but is not limited to exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction and dispute policies.
Use of cookies
Our cookie policy is applicable to all websites, messaging (online chats/emails) and services that we provide or are provided on Our behalf.
We use cookies and similar services to track customers’ use on Our website, analyse customer trends and obtain customer information.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows You to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if You select this setting You may be unable to access certain parts of Our site and You will not be able to carry out a transaction with Us unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, Our system will issue cookies when you log on to Our website.
We use cookies to collect specific types of information including:
the Internet domain and IP address from which you access the web site;
the type of browser (Internet Explorer or Netscape) and operating system (Windows, UNIX) you use;
the date and time of your visit;
the pages you visit;
the address of the web site from which you linked to us (if applicable).
This is solely statistical data that enables Us to analyse customer trends and does not identify personally identifiable information.
We work closely with third parties who may also supply Us with analytical services. These third parties may provide Us with analytical cookies for Us to review.
For further information about cookies, you may like to visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Where we store your Personal Data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secured servers within Europe. Any payment transactions will be encrypted. Credit card numbers are used for processing payment only and are not retained for marketing purposes.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Links
FreeHosting.com may provide links to third party sites. Since we do not control those websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party sites. Any information You supply on such sites will not be within our control.
How can you update the personal information you have provided to us?
You must maintain the accuracy of your information and ensure all your details, including but not limited to, name, address, title, phone number, e-mail address and payment details are kept up to date at all times. You must do this by updating your personal details within your FreeHosting.com Control Panel.
The personal information we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of collection. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time and will provide notice of these changes on the Privacy Policy on this page. You should make sure you periodically review the Privacy Policy to make sure it meets your needs.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by e-mailing us at support@FreeHosting.com
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
You have a right to disclose, amend, block or delete your saved information. If deletion conflicts with a legal or contractual duty to save information, or other legal grounds, the information can be made inaccessible in lieu of deletion.
Contact Us
Please e-mail any questions or comments you have about privacy to us at support@FreeHosting.com
Please note: by signing up for any of our services you agree to be bound by all FreeHosting.com terms and conditions.
Our services
We provide various web hosting and domain registration services.
Free web hosting
We provide absolutely free web hosting with all features and tools you need to create a website. Free hosting is valid for the entire lifetime of your domain.
Learn More »  popular
Paid web hosting
Unlimited multi-site web hosting with value added features is suitable for any type of project. We offer 30-day money back guarantee for all purchases.
Learn More »
Domain registration
Domain name is a unique identifier that allows Internet users to reach your website. We offer registration of domain names in gTLD and New gTLD zones.
Learn More »
