The following text is extracted and transformed from the china-airlines.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Information Security Policy | China Airlines
Collection of Customer Information
We will collect your personal information through the following methods in certain parts of the Website, Mobile APP, Ticketing counter or Service Center:
Applying for Dynasty Flyer Program (DFP) Membership
Online booking/ticketing
Booking Inquiry and additional purchase or service
Airport processing includes checking procedure or luggage services
YesTrip trip advisory
DFP interactive services and travel information provided for members
Messaging service
Online shopping and activities
Promotion and marketing
Customer service
Through the above collection methods, we may collect your personal information, including but not limited to following categories:
Personal identifiers
Identifiers of personal finance
Identifiers issued by government agencies
Personal details
Details of the member’s family members
Travel and other migration details
Leisure activities and hobbies
Occupations
Compensations
Health records
Personal identifiers of children
Uncategorized information
And the content might include but not limited to
Title, Chinese and English name on your passport, date of birth, nationality, ID number, passport number, country of residence, mailing address, email address, phone number, fax number, mobile number, DFP membership card number and password, credit card information (including owner name, card number, and card expiration date), company name, company address, profession and position, assignees' name and DFP membership card number, preferred language, special diets and seat and travel preferences, health record and children information, IP and cookies, other material includes audio or paper recordings from customer service and other information might directly or indirectly identify persons. If you fail to provide the required personal information, certain parts of the requested online services may be unavailable.
China Airlines may also occasionally ask you to update your personal data. Your booking information or flight itinerary plan may be disclosed to the customs and immigration related authorities in accordance with the provisions of the law. Therefore, it is very important to ensure that the personal data in your booking details or flight itinerary plan is up-to-date, complete and correct.
China Airlines needs your assistance to ensure that your personal information is up-to-date, complete and correct. Therefore, if your personal data changes, please contact China Airlines and provide your updated customer information. If you are a Dynasty frequent flyer program member or a registered website user, you can update your personal information at any time by logging in to your account on the China Airlines website.
Use of Customer Information
Customer information will be used for business management purpose only and is aimed at improving service quality and providing enhanced personal service for customers:
Online ticketing services including customized services, check-in and provide related information
Evaluate and handle DFP membership applications
Operate DFP services, including mileage accumulation, DFP membership records, mileage redemption records, and mileage transfer records
Handle members' trip arrangement and the products and services purchased including online shopping, pre-orders.
Handle online services, message notification service, discount service, and promotion service for members
Market surveys and questionnaires for services improvement
We may provide your information collected by us to our affiliated companies, subsidiaries, and other business partners including but not limited to Co-Brand Card banks so that they can process the information and provide related services to you.
We promise that we will not reveal your personal information to any third parties not related to this service or transaction without your consent.
When you book or purchase travel-related products (car rental, hotel, local transportation or others) sold by other providers on this website, these providers may collect your personal information through their transaction platform to provide subsequent services. Personal information might be used by our worldwide branches and ticketing counters to provide subsequent services.
The period of use of the personal data mentioned above is based on the duration of collection of the specified purpose, or as determined by relevant laws or the period of preservation necessary for the execution of the business or on a contractual basis.
