The following text is extracted and transformed from the chipandco.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-14. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Chip and Co takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not
limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can
personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration
and maintenance purposes.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, Chip and Co uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and
history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track
visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is
done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns.
Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The
best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for
instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions can be directed to chip@chipandco.com for further clarification.
_Thank you for visiting Chip and Co. Be sure to sign up for ourDaily Newsletter where we deliver the best in Disney News & Planning Tips to your inbox! You can find us all over the internet at Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Google+, Tumblr, and even our Tee Public Store!
About
Latest Posts
Chip
Chip C is owner of Chip and Co - Your source for Disney Park News, Planning Tips, Giveaways, and More. When he is not writing about Disney News, or Planning Tips, you will find him counting down the days to his next Disney Vacation. Be sure to follow Chip using one of the buttons to the right -->
Latest posts by Chip (see all)
_
