The following text is extracted and transformed from the shareme.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Our Privacy Policy - Shareme.com respects your right to privacy
|  |
---|---
|
Business & Productivity Tools
Communications
Desktop Enhancements
Drivers
Educational
Games
Home & Personal
Internet
Mobile
Multimedia & Design
Network Tools
Programming
Security
Utilities
Web Authoring
Top Downloads
BootRacer 4.6.1.360
BootRacer Tests How Fast is your PC! It...
WinSesame 10.3
The most powerful encryption software to...
Money Manager Ex 0.9.9.0
Money Manager Ex is a free, open-source,...
AgileTrack 0.7c 1.0
AgileTrack is an agile/extreme programming (XP)...
Wise PC 1stAid 1.31
An intelligent freeware to fix common PC...
New Downloads
DoneEx XCell Compiler 2.6
Excel workbook copy protection tool, compiles...
PureVPN Windows VPN Software 7.0.2
The updated Windows VPN app comes with new and...
PDF-Tools 7.0.328.2
All you will ever need to Create, view,...
BCGControlBar Professional Edition 29.2
MFC extension library for creation the most...
2D Barcode FMX Components 7.0.1.846
A FireMonkey components set designed for...
Free 2D Barcode Generator 10.0.1.2533
The programe generates and prints most popular...
Free 1D Barcode Generator 10.0.1.2179
The programe generates and prints most popular...
2D Barcode VCL Components 10.0.1.2533
The components set is designed for generating...
1D Barcode VCL Components 10.0.1.2179
The components set is designed for generating...
AnyMP4 DVD Creator 7.2.26
AnyMP4 DVD Creator can help users convert 3GP,...
Recent Searches
Customizing Folder, Nonimmigrant Us Visa Application Forms, Cybercamps Machinima, Xartes Gps Igo 8, Magic Morph Software, Htc Hero Free Full Games, Bordeaux Airport Wikipedia, Intranet Design Annual 10 Best Intranets, Ourworld 30 Gem Codes April 2010, Scs Deluxe, First Alert Smoke Detectors, Flash Player For Blackberry Phone, Robot Window 7 Theme, Hotmail Decrypt Md5 Hashes Online, Canon Pixma Ip1500 For Ubuntu
Latest Reviews
Mixcraft    (ase)
I am impressed with the software as it enables me to edit and save any recording for the presentation purpose.
Acronis True Image for Mac    (Henry)
Takes full backup of a Mac system which includes saved files and folder plus installed apps.
Lodgit Desk Hotel Software for Mac    (Arnold)
I run a small guest house in Nepal where this software is in use for last two years, we felt this is good enough for any...
XolidoSign    (Zico)
Allows me to insert signature on any document automatically before dispatching, other software requires manual instruction.
Wurlie    (Tenesy)
Make unlimited number of short urls with this script without knowing much about processes that take place in background.
Start Hotspot    (heltvet)
You may turn your android phone to a wifi hotspot but your data may be misused unless you have some sort of control over...
NCheck Bio Attendance Trial for Windows    (Jeusme)
The system is implemented in my office premises, it maintains the employees in and out time accurately, helps the accounts...
FirePlotter    (Kacper)
Monitors all in-coming and outgoing traffic to your PC, also shows the consumed bandwidth to calculate internet bill.
FolderMill    (Fairyn)
FolderMill is an automation software which looks for incoming files and send them to printer by filtering as per your...
DocuVieware    (Sigfrid)
Fully featured document viewer which can be added in your page to load and read almost any type files, the software can...
|
Our Privacy Policy
Shareme.com respects your right to privacy.
What information do we collect?
Some technical information is collected automatically on each page in order to give us an idea of how people are finding our website, what technologies they are using to access it and which pages interest them. Each time a visitor loads a page from a website is counted as one 'page load'. About once a month we also collect the current set of page load information to look for trends, for example changes in the screen resolution, operating system or browser that is most often used. We take this information into account when planning for usability and accessibility in website design. We also collect information on how visitors reach our website, including search engine use, search key word use, and links referring visitors to our website. We use this information in our search engine optimisation and marketing strategies. Some examples of the information we collect and analyse include: the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, your operating system and screen resolution. We do not collect personally identifiable information about our visitors without their consent.  If you join a mailing list operated by us, you will be able to unsubscribe at any time.
Third-Party Advertisers
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party websites. Our advertisers will generally store cookies on visitor's computers to record information including which advertisement they followed to reach the advertiser's website, and the date when they visited. Depending on the advertiser, cookies will expire (ie be automatically deleted) after different lengths of time.
We use Google Adsense to support our site. Ads provided by Google AdSense, are targeted to be relevant to the content of the website and / or page they are on (ie they get the information from the website contents not the visitors themselves). Google Adsense uses cookies and web beacons to target and measure effectiveness of ads they serve on user pc. Here you can find Google's Privacy information.
Software Listing
All the software programs published by shareme.com are provided by the third party software producers. Any questions complaints or claims related to the software should be directed to the appropriate Author or Company responsible for developing the software. All other trademarks are the sole property of their respective owners. The files and programs made available are indexed from servers all over the world. If you found any software is in violation of any copyright or trademark, let us know and we will delete its listing from shareme.com site.
Disclaimer
The files and programs made available are indexed from servers all over the world. Each user is responsible to virus check any program downloaded from the site before installation. shareme.com is not responsible for any loss or damage resulting from users' downloading or use of any such programs or files.
Links to Other Websites
This site contains links to other sites. shareme.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of other web sites before disclosing any personal information on another site. These other sites may independently collect data, solicit personal information, or send their own cookies to you. The Company is not responsible for any use of the information including click-stream data that you may create when using such third party web sites. You should carefully review the privacy policies of these third party web sites in order to determine how they treat your personal information.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, you can contact us
---|---
Welcome to the ShareMe. Shareme is a dedicated internet portal bringing users the latest shareware & freeware from the world's best Software Authors. Shareme allows Shareware & Freeware Authors to submit their latest wares, so you the user are able to download their latest software updates all the time, after they are released! Always visit Shareme for your software needs.
