The following text is extracted and transformed from the greenwichmeantime.in privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
GMT: Greenwich Mean Time - World Time / Time in every Time Zone
Home
> Privacy And Cookies
Effective Date: 26 October 2015
Who are we?
We are Greenwich 2000 Limited. We own and operate this site. Our contact details are on the site. Please contact us if you have any questions or feedback about this policy.
What’s the point of this policy?
​ This policy tells you how we deal with your “personal data” (i.e. technical term for information about any identified or identifiable living person). Please read on to find out what kinds of personal data we collect, how we use and protect it, to whom we disclose it and how you can access and rectify it.
Please do not use our site unless you are completely happy with this policy. If you do use our site, we will assume that you do accept it.
Might the policy change? ​
It may well do and so you should check it whenever you visit our site. We will assume you agree to the revised policy if you use the site after the effective date shown at the top of the policy.
What personal or other data do we collect?
​ We collect and store the information which you give us via forms on our site - such as your name, address, email address, phone number and so on - or when communicating with us by email or in some other way.
We may receive and store certain information automatically when you interact with us. Examples include the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, connection information such as browser type and version, your operating system and platform, device-type, a unique reference number linked to the data you enter on our system, login details, the full URL clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), cookie number, activity on our website including the pages you visited.
What about cookies?
​ We and/or third parties use cookies and other tracking technologies on our website.  A cookie is an identifier (a small file of letters and numbers) that is sent to your computer.  Our site’s functionality will be limited if you configure your browser to reject cookies.
Cookies are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the site owner or others. Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser only until your browser is closed. They allow websites to link your actions during a browser session. Persistent cookies stay in the cookie file of your browser for longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). For further information on cookies, including how to use your browser to block them and how to delete cookies already stored on your device, visit: www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies are used on this site for the following purposes:
Addthis cookies: Our website includes third party persistent cookies (up to 2 years) set by a third party Addthis in connection with the Addthis button designed to enable sharing via social media (Facebook, Twitter etc). AddThis requires us to tell you the following: "We allow third-party companies, including AddThis, to collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org ." Clickhere for more information about AddThis privacy practices. Clickhere to prevent AddThis from collecting any information about you for online behavioural advertising .
Sharethis cookies: We also use Sharethis cookies on our website for similar social media sharing purposes as Addthis. Click here for more information and to opt out.
Third party advertising cookies:  As do many other sites, we use third party advertisers and/or internet advertising companies working for them to fill ad space on our site. These third parties may use persistent cookies (generally up to two years) and other similar technologies (known as action tags, single pixel gifs and web beacons) to assess information about your visits to this and other sites.  This is so they can track the effectiveness of their campaigns (including whether these advertisements are clicked on or viewed by users and later purchases by such users), avoid showing you the same advertisement repeatedly and display advertisements on this and other sites tailored to your preferences. We do not have any access to or control over these third party technologies.
If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by certain of these companies, namely Quantcast.com, Openx.com, Rubiconproject.com, Yahoo.com and Aggregate Knowledge, please visit www.youronlinechoices.com and www.networkadvertising.org/choices. Please visit the websites of the third parties directly via the above links for more information about their privacy practices.
Click on the following links for more information about the privacy practices of other advertising companies and to opt out where available: Netseer.com, Pubmatic.com, Towerdata.com,
Google cookies :   Persistent cookies (up to two years we believe) are set in connection with the following Google services on our site and these cookies may involve certain non-personally identifying information being sent to Google:
Google Analytics (“GA”) : We use cookies to recognise and count the number of website visitors as well as providing other information about the visit such as duration, route through the website and what sites the visitor came from. This information helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure users find what they need easily.
Google advertising cookies (AdSense, Doubleclick) :  Google uses cookies in connection with Google advertising on our website to serve ads to you based on your visits to this and other websites, to avoid showing you repeat ads and for various other purposes.
GA Advertising Features: We may use the following GA Advertising Features: Remarketing with GA / Google Display Network Impression Reporting / GA Demographics and Interest Reporting / Integrated services that require GA to collect data via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers. These features involve GA collecting data via Google or other advertising cookies including for display of ads which may be of interest based on your visits to this and other sites. You can specifically opt out of GA here. See below (and above) for other opt out routes.
More information and opt out: Click here for Google’s privacy policy and here for more information about the kinds of cookies placed by Google. Click here for information about how Google uses data from its partners’ sites or apps as well as how to opt out of Google cookies.
Dstillery advertising cookies: Dstillery places third party advertising cookies on our site. Click here for more information and to opt out.
Analytics cookies: Our site also uses analytics cookies placed by Drawbrid.ge (opt out here), Datalogix  (includes opt out) and Scorecard (includes opt out).
Twitter cookies: Twitter places persistent cookies (up to two years) to facilitate tweets relating to our site. Click here for more information.
Cookie warning cookie: This cookie takes note of whether you are happy to accept cookies on this website based on your response to the message which appeared when you first visited the site. This persistent cookie will remember your preference for up to two years.
By continuing to use our site, having seen our cookie notice, we assume that you consent to use of the cookies outlined above.
How do we use your personal data? ​
​ We use your personal data to provide our services.
We use your personal data to help us communicate with you effectively should you try to contact us via our site.
If you have given permission on our site, we may use your personal data to send you emails (or other communications such as mail, phone or SMS) with details of our or third party goods or services which may be of interest to you including information about special offers or promotions.
We may use personal data to recognize you when you visit or return to our site to track anonymised traffic and usage patterns, to prevent or detect fraud or abuses or to help us improve our site. We may use cookies to do this. See above.
We retain personal data from closed accounts in order to comply with legal obligations, enforce our terms and conditions, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations and take other actions as permitted by law.
We may access, remove, alter, store or otherwise use any personal data if we have reason to believe that it breaches our terms and conditions, or that such steps are necessary to protect us or others, or that a criminal act has been committed, or if we are required to do so by law or appropriate authority.
How do we protect personal data?
​ Security is a high priority for us. We take appropriate precautions to protect personal data.
Email and other electronic communications are not secure if they have not been encrypted. Your communications will pass through a number of network nodes before they reach us. So we do not accept responsibility for any unauthorised access to or loss of personal data that stems from a cause beyond our control. Nor can we be held responsible for the actions or omissions of other users or third parties who may misuse your personal data which they collect from the site.
To whom do we disclose personal data?
​ We may allow access to your personal data by third parties who supply us with a service.  Examples include e-commerce platform providers, website hosts, content delivery networks and businesses which assist us in undertaking communications or monitoring our site.
We do not provide your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes.
We may disclose personal data so far as reasonably necessary:
if we have reason to believe that it breaches our terms and conditions, or that such steps are necessary to protect us or others, or that a criminal act has been committed, or if there has been a complaint about content posted by you, or if we are required to do so by law or appropriate authority; or
in the case of an actual or proposed (including negotiations for a) sale or merger or business combination involving all or the relevant part of our business.
We may store or transfer personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) for the purposes stated in this policy. If so, we will of course comply with the applicable laws relating to data transfer outside the EEA.
Except as otherwise specifically included in this policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to third parties, whether they are suppliers of services on our website (e.g. payment providers) or other websites, different rules will apply to their use or disclosure of your information. Please check their privacy policies carefully.
How can you access and rectify personal data?
​ You have the right to request personal data that we hold about you, subject to us reserving the right to withhold such data to the extent permitted by law. We may charge an administration fee in line with data protection laws and we may also require appropriate evidence of identity. Note that you may be able to rectify certain of your personal data within your account on our service (if applicable).
For information about your rights under UK data protection laws, see the website of the UK Information Commissioner.
Version 5
