The following text is extracted and transformed from the greenpageclassifieds.in privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-20. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Greenpage Classifieds
Privacy Policy
We may collect and store the following personal information:
e-mail address upon registration or upon posting a single listing on this website without creating an account. We need this For Your Contact Detail;
Various information that you may include when posting a classified ad on this Website;
IP address, times of access, browser type, and referring Web site addresses.
Use of Your Information :
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. For example, we may use your personal information and share your personal information within our corporate family to:
provide the services and customer support you request, including confirming e-mails related to the Web site services, and reminders;
resolve disputes, and troubleshoot problems;
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
customize, measure, and improve our services and the Web site’s content and layout;
tell you about targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences;
compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties;
do other things for you as described when we collect the information;
help promote a safe service;
measure consumer interest in our products and services;
notify you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates;
customize your experience;
detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity;
enforce our agreements, terms, conditions, and policies; and
as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
Cookies.
Your Information is safe with us,We may Use Cookies To Know Your Login Status .
We may sometimes collect some information like browser details or IP for security purposes and also those purposes which help us to provide better services to users.
Google-Analytics ,can use cookies to tack visitors on this website.
Google & Infolinks, as third party vendors, May use cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
