The following text is extracted and transformed from the thecanary.co privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-15. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | The Canary
What is a privacy policy?
A privacy policy outlines an organisation’s approach to ensuring privacy around its user’s stored data. This is the privacy policy for thecanary.co and for certain services provided through these and other Canary Media websites and applications (“our sites”) by Canary Media Ltd (“CML”).
At CML we collect different types of information about our users for four main reasons:
To provide personalised services unique to individual users.
To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer
To sell advertising space on the site, the income from which is used to  ** support us  in our mission to build a new media and distributed to our writers based on  ** our values.
If we have permission from the user, to market services to them.
There may be other privacy policies that apply to certain services we provide. Please read these when you register or subscribe for these services on these sites.
Our principles
We do our very best to protect your privacy by using security and technology appropriately.
We ensure appropriate security measures to protect your information.
We ensure another organisation has appropriate security measures when we make use of them.
We fundamentally respect your privacy. You should receive emails only from us and, if you agree, from other organisations we have carefully chosen. We will always allow you to opt-out of any marketing / advertising easily.
We will collect individual user details only if we have your permission or we have a lawful basis for doing so, such as collecting enough information to manage subscriptions.
We will be clear in what information about you we collect and how we use it.
We will use personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally collected and we’ll make sure we delete it securely.
Our site is accessible via the internet. This means that people around the world who access our website can see anything you post on the website, for example, comments about an article.
If we or our service providers transfer any information out of the European Economic Area (EEA), it will only be done with the relevant protection (stated under UK law) being in place.
How we use your information
We collect information:
when you become a member or subscriber
when you use the website
through cookies
if you choose to reveal information in postings
when you enter sales promotions and competitions
Member/Subscriber
We ask the minimum information possible to take payment for the subscription periodically as well as that required to contact you. These details are securely stored by PayPal (subscriber), Stripe (member), and/or our email marketing system, Drip.
We do not use this information for any other purpose such as marketing other than to contact subscribers periodically with information relevant to their support of the organisation.
Logging in using social networking credentials
If you log-in to our comments using a Facebook log-in, you are granting permission to Facebook to share your user details with us. This will include your name, email address, date of birth and location. This may also allow us and Facebook to share your networks, user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Facebook account settings. If you remove The Canary app from your Facebook settings, we will no longer have access to this information.
Use of children’s data
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16.
Who we share data with
We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given us your permission. If we have your permission, we will share your information only with other organisations we have chosen carefully.
We may make other organisations’ services available, through our sites, although we are not necessarily operating these sites. We process any information which we collect when you access a service provided by another organisation under this privacy policy. Information these other organisations collect is governed by their own privacy policies.
We can access and release personal information to keep to relevant laws and government requests, to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users.
Any other organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data-protection and privacy laws which apply. We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards. We may use service providers to help us run these sites (or services available on the sites), some of whom may be based outside the EEA.
Some of our webpages use plug-ins from other organisations (such as the ‘Facebook Like’ function). These other organisations may use information about your visit to our websites on their pages. If you browse these pages while still also logged in to your account with us, information they collect may be connected to your account on their site. For more information on how these organisations use information, please read their privacy policies.
How long we keep your data
If you opt out of our services or otherwise ask us to delete your data, we will do so immediately.
Normally, we will keep your data for as long as needed to provide you with the services you have opted into. However, we may contact you periodically to check that you are still happy to hear from us.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies for a number of reasons.
For statistical purposes to track how many users we have and how often they visit our websites. We collect information listing which of our pages are most frequently visited, and by which types of users and from which countries.
We and other advertisers may use statistical cookies to track who has seen an advert and clicked on it. This allows us to present advertising which is relevant to individual users.
We may use ‘Flash’ cookies to store your preferences for your media player (for example, volume and so on). If we don’t use them, you may not be able to watch some video content.
You can disable cookies however doing so may affect your ability to use some of our services.
We or other companies may use cookies to suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you.
For more information please visit our  ** Cookies policy**.
By using the sites you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described.
About our advertising
Our sites contain links to other websites from which we may earn revenue. Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates, nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product.
In order to deliver The Canary as a free, open and accessible publication we make use of advertising to generate revenue to cover costs and to compensate our team for the work they do. In order to provide the most relevant and highest performing advertisements we may use statistical behaviour of our visitors to identify the most valid adverts. The behavioural analysis we perform is anonymous and records preferences around articles they may read and sections they may find interesting and not who they are.
We may also share anonymised behavioural data with advertising partners. This may mean that when you are on other websites, you will be shown advertising based on your behaviour on thecanary.co. We may also show you advertising on our site based on your behaviour on other sites.
Legal information and how to contact us
Under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018, we have to say who the ‘data controller’ is for thecanary.co and services provided through our websites. The data controller is the organisation responsible for protecting information and, in our case, is Canary Media Ltd.
Your rights as they relate to the data we hold about you:
the right to be informed
the right of access
the right to rectification
the right to erasure
the right to restrict processing
the right to data portability
the right to object
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making, including profiling
If you would like access to or a copy of the personal information we hold about you, to request a correction, or have any questions about how we may use it or to make a complaint, please contact the Data Protection Manager at dataprotection@thecanary.co.
Complaints will be dealt with by the Data Protection Manager, and will be responded to within 30 days at the latest.
If you are not satisfied with the way your complaint was handled, you may be able to refer your complaint to your local data protection regulator. For example, in the United Kingdom this is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
This website uses cookies
We, and our partners, set cookies and collect information from your browser to provide you with website content, deliver relevant advertising and understand web audiences. See our privacy policy to learn more about how we manage your data and your rights. See our cookie consent policy to understand how we use cookies and tracking technology. To agree to our use of cookies, click "Accept".
Accept Reject
Review our cookie policy
