The following text is extracted and transformed from the theknowledgeacademy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement
Home
About Us
Course Calendar
Course Calendar 1
PRINCE2® Training
ITIL® Training
MSP® Training
M_o_R® Training
APMP Training
P30® Training
Change Management Training
Business Analysis Training
Agile Training
Cobit Training
MOP Training
Software Testing Training
Six Sigma Training
PMI Training
Course Calendar 2
Personal Development Training
Management Training
Project Management Training
Training Locations
Clients
Onsite
Course Outlines
Consultancy
Contact Us
Careers
Terms
The Knowledge Academy is committed to protecting your privacy.
Personal Data:
Through this website we may collect personal information from our visitors for example, through our booking/enquiry forms and newsletter registrations.
This personal information may include; names, numbers and addresses. This information is used to provide our services, answer queries, deal with bookings and for sales and marketing purposes.
We provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving our communications.
This site gives users the following options to discontinue receiving future communications by any of the following means:
Send an email to our client services team indicating your request to be removed from our records.
In writing to: The Knowledge Academy Ltd, Orchard Lea, Drift Road, Winkfield, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 4AD
You can call us on this telephone number: 01344 290 198
Cookies:
Cookies are a common Internet technology that assign a unique identification to your computer and store the detail on only your computer's hard drive via a facility in your Web browser. Cookies are used on this site. They are used to keep track of the information you have given us during your visits to the site. The cookie stored on your computer is simply a numeric identifier that we use to identify you as you move around the site and so you can retrieve information you have previously sent to our server. Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. If you do this please look at the help menu on your browser. However, switching off cookies may restrict your use of this Website.
Other website Links:
We have no control over the content of other sites, nor the usage of information they gather. We recommend that you always review the privacy policies at any third party sites you visit; they may not follow the same policies as us.
Rights:
You have a right to access all the personal data held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information held about you.
Send an email to our client services team
In writing to: The Knowledge Academy Ltd, Orchard Lea, Drift Road, Winkfield, Windsor, Berkshire SL4 4AD
You can call us on this telephone number: 01344 290 198
