The following text is extracted and transformed from the thepassivevoice.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-09. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy
This is a GDPR notification.
As you may be aware, on 25 May 2018 the EU General Data Protection Regulation EU (2016)/679 ** ** (GDPR) comes into force in all EU member states. The GDPR applies to ‘personal data’ meaning any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified by reference to an identifier. It requires that personal data be processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner, and that personal data be collected for specified and legitimate purposes.
For those who subscribe to email updates for the blog, The Passive Voice (TPV) collects email addresses which can include personal data. Such data is used by a third party, Feedburner, to operate its email update service.
Feedburner also provides an RSS feed of blog posts and related information on TPV for the purpose of providing that information to those who wish to access blog information via an RSS reader or similar program. Here is a link to the TPV RSS feed.
Feedburner is owned by Google. TPV has no control over these tools or  Feedburner’s operations, is not affiliated with Feedburner, beyond using its services as described and does not collect any data as a result of their use. Google may collect and/or process your data in these circumstances. If you have any concerns regarding Google’s use of your personal data following use of these tools, you may read Google’s policy   here and here.  Google’s Privacy Policy may also be found by  searching for the Google Privacy Policy  .
TPV relies on its legitimate interests to process the email addresses and RSS data so that we can keep you up to date with developments as reported on TPV. TPV does not make any other use of this data.
In addition some blog posts or comments may include personal data such as the names of people who wrote blogposts, posted information elsewhere online, made comments or similar types of information. These posts are often shared on social media including TPV’s  Twitter account and TPV’s  Facebook page. The privacy policies of Twitter and Facebook will apply to information posted on their websites.
TPV respects your personal data and takes care to maintain its confidentiality. PG has never and will never sell any personal data you provide to any third party.
If you would like any personal data which is included in blog posts or comments to be removed or have any questions about the TPV’s data privacy policy, please email  TPV through the Contact Page  .
