The following text is extracted and transformed from the therankinfamily.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-12-03. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement | Uprooted-Music.com
www.Uprooted-Music.com, www.jimmyrankin.com, www.rankinsisters.com, www.therankins.com
Uprooted-Music.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to our visitors' privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. These techniques do not compromise our visitors' personal anonymity.
We use WebTrends Live to analyze traffic to this Web site. WebTrends does not create individual profiles for visitors. Unlike some tracking services WebTrends does not have a database of individual profiles for each visitor. WebTrends only collects aggregate data. For more information about the WebTrends privacy policy, please click here.
This site contains links to other sites. Neither Uprooted-Music.com nor its partners are responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these external Web sites.
Security. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our host server is password protected for administration and authoring purposes.
Choice/Opt-Out/Corrections. Uprooted-Music.com provides visitors with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
If users wish to remove their information from our database and stop future communications, or modify their existing information, they may e-mail their request through the e-mail contacts available on our Contacts page.
Contact Information. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of Uprooted-Music.com or its partners, or your dealings with this Web site, we may be reached at the points of contact available on our Contacts page.
