The following text is extracted and transformed from the auctionsoftwarereview.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Web Retailer
This Privacy Policy covers Web Retailer's treatment of personally identifiable information that is collected when you are on the site.
Information Collection and Use
Web Retailer collects personally identifiable information when you join, complete feedback forms, and make submissions to the site.
When you join Web Retailer, we ask for an email address.
Payment details for any pay services are supplied via PayPal and are not stored on this web site in any form.
Web Retailer automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address and the page you requested.
Web Retailer uses this information to customise the content you see, to fulfil your requests for services, and to contact you with information you have requested.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Web Retailer will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information to anyone, unless required by law.
Cookies
Web Retailer may set and access cookies on your computer.
Other web sites do not have access to Web Retailer's cookies.
Cookie Listing
ASPSESSIONID : Used so users can login to the site.
CountryCode : Used to personalise content to the user's country (looked up anonymously using IP address).
hideAnnouncement : Used to remember whether to hide the announcement box.
LoginToken, memberName : Used to remember users so they do not need to enter their login details the next time they come to the site.
last-profile, last-profile-tab : Used to remember last selected directory listing page tab.
AddThis (__atuvc, __atuvs) : Used to provide social sharing buttons from third-party provider AddThis.
Google Analytics (_ga, _gat) : Used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and help us improve the site. The cookies collect information anonymously, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Google Analytics security and privacy.
Managing Your Member Information
You may edit your member information at any time by going to the settings page.
You may request deletion of your member details by sending an email quoting the email address you registered with.
Security
Your member information is password-protected for your privacy and security.
Your password is stored in encrypted form.
Payment details provided for any pay services are not stored on this web site in any form.
Third-Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit Web Retailer. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Web Retailer may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our home page.
