The following text is extracted and transformed from the strandbooks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-03-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Strand Bookstore: 18 miles of Books
|  | strandbrowse
All Subjects
Americana
Art/Architecture
Audio Books
Business/Econ.
Childrens
Food/Wine
Fiction
Film/Drama
History
Literature
Medical/Health
Military
Music/Dance
New York
Philosophy
Photography
Poetry
Sports
Reference
Religion
Science/Math
Social Science
Transportation
strandfeatures
Best Sellers
Just Arrived
Fine & Rare Editions
StrandWear
Gift Cards
strandpicks
Half-Price New Books
Chess Specials
Short Story Essentials
Masters of Photography
NY Times Best of 2004
strandservices
Books by the Foot
Library Services
Join Our Mailing List
strandinfo
Locations
Contact Us
About Us
Web Services
|
privacy notice
Privacy
Strand Book Store respects your privacy. We collect information to improve your shopping experience, and we want you to know that we maintain and use this information responsibly. Here are the details about the information that we collect about you.
Registration
You are not required to register with Strand Book Store. If you decide to place and order and make a purchase, we will request billing and shipping address information, so that we may deliver your order to the requested address. We will ask for payment information. In the event that you use a credit card, we will need the Card Type, Cardholder Name, Card Number and Expiration Date for payment processing. We will not share this information with anyone.
E-mail Promotions
If you give us your e-mail address, we will only use that e-mail address to keep you informed of order/shipment details. If you wish to receive promotional e-mail from Strand Book Store, you must subscribe to our mailing list at Join Our Mailing List. We will not share your e-mail address with anyone. You can also remove yourself from our mailing list on the same page.
To change your postal address with us
please send an e-mail to change@strandbooks.com
|
