The following text is extracted and transformed from the stream.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-07. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | The Stream
By using this website, you agree to The Stream ’s Privacy Policy.
Privacy Statement
LIFE Outreach International is committed to protecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our website, The Stream (www.stream.org). We assure you that the identity of anyone accessing our website is kept strictly confidential. LIFE does not rent, sell or exchange our mailing list with any third party. We always strive to be responsible in management practices, truthful in our promotion campaigns, as well as, cost effective in our fundraising efforts. LIFE endeavors to maintain a high standard of financial accountability and stewardship, as well. As a long time member of the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability, LIFE strives to keep all costs to a minimum while maximizing the funds received for ministry and mission outreaches. Upon receipt of sufficient funds for specific projects, support will be used for television broadcasts and equally important outreaches of the ministry.
The following explains, in part, how we gather data from our website and how we use it:
Security
LIFE Outreach is firmly committed to ensuring the security of information from visitors to our site. We have implemented physical, managerial and electronic procedures to secure the data we collect online. Our internet host utilizes secure servers (https) for all financial transaction information. In addition for U.S. donors, we use an internet security service to collect or transfer credit card information. Every effort is made to maintain data privacy and accuracy, to prevent unauthorized access and to guarantee the proper use of information. The Stream  does not store credit card numbers.
Information Collection
Once a visitor accesses The Stream , our web servers record the Internet Protocol (IP) address, which informs us which domain the visitors are using. We do not capture email addresses unless users provide them. The Stream tracks traffic patterns through links accessed on our email messages. This information is used only to enable The Stream to better serve our audiences, donors and friends and to determine overall interests in our site and organization. The Stream  allows the usage of “cookies,” which enable users to log in quicker and easier. Users may override these by modifying their browser settings. The website does not utilize spyware or adware. Our servers are routinely scanned for viruses, including real-time firewall scans to prevent any type of malware.
E-Mail Updates
Be assured that your E-mail address will NOT be sold, traded, rented or shared with a third party. Some email Updates may require your name for database management; however, all information will be strictly confidential. If you wish to have your name removed from our email list, you may follow the “unsubscribe” instructions at the bottom of the email message.
How to Contact The Stream
If you have questions or comments about The Stream ’s privacy policy, you can fill out this form.
Most Popular
