The following text is extracted and transformed from the strictlybroadband.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Anywhere.XXX Privacy Policy
At Anywhere.XXX we value the privacy of our customers. We know that we cannot grow and succeed unless we create a professional service that our customers feel comfortable in using and returning to on a regular basis.
All information collected on the site is solely owned by Velvet Rose Entertainment LLC.
We need to collect email addresses in order to provide customer service and information updates to our customers.
New customers are automatically subscribed to our email news services, but may cancel from this service at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter. Alternatively, you can unsubscribe here: http://newsletter.anywhere.xxx//?p=unsubscribe.
We never give out email addresses for use by other organisations.
We may collect mobile phone numbers in order to provide mobile content and service updates. Users may unsubscribe from these services at any time. Mobile numbers are not given out for use by other organisations.
Credit card details are collected and held securely. We will never re-bill credit cards - each payment authorisation is for one payment only.
Information including email addresses, mobile phone numbers and credit card details may be transferred for processing purposes only to third party organisations.
Anywhere.XXX uses "cookies". Cookies are small packets of information left on the user's PC. Our cookies contain no sensitive or confidential information, and are there only to simplify and enhance the user experience.
We maintain log files of Anywhere.XXX activity. These are kept and analysed to check for technical errors and performance bottlenecks on the site, and do not contain personal information about users.
We maintain a record of movies rented by our customers. This information is used to provide a purchase history to customers, and to analyse rental patterns. Information about any individual's movie rentals is treated as confidential and not provided to any third party.
For any queries regarding privacy and confidentiality, an email should be sent in the first instance to: Customer Service
