The following text is extracted and transformed from the nh.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy on NH.com, your guide to New Hampshire
Our Commitment
NH.com and its owner, McLean Communications, Inc., (collectively, "NH.com"), recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about you, our customers and prospects. This customer privacy policy is intended to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information against our users’ reasonable expectations of privacy.
User Information
In general, we gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas users visit most often and what services users access the most. We only use such data in the aggregate. This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for our users. We may share this information with our advertisers and collaborators, but only in the aggregate, so that they too may understand how NH.com users, collectively, use our site and our services.
Personal Information
In some instances, such as when you sign up to use a service, enter a contest, purchase a product or submit feedback, we may need more specific information about you, such as name, address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, type of computer, etc. We may use that information to make you aware of additional products and services which may be of interest to you, or to contact you regarding site changes. We may also ask you for other information, such as your interests, your likes and dislikes regarding the site, and your specific information needs, in an effort to deliver to you the best possible site experience.
General Information Disclosure
Unless stated otherwise, we will use our best efforts not to disclose information about your individual visits to NH.com, or personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, or credit card number to any outside parties unless otherwise required by law. But we may record and share aggregated information with our partners as indicated above. Please be aware that any information submitted on a co-branded page with a third party may result in that third party using your information according to its privacy policy. We do not and cannot control such third party uses
Cookies
Our traffic auditing tools use cookies to help track when a computer has contacted the site, the location of the computer, and how many times the specific computer has been to NH.com. We use this information in an aggregated format to give an accurate traffic report to our advertisers. We also use it for editorial purposes, e.g. if a particular topic is popular, we may decide to improve our coverage of that topic.
Third parties
We do not control the privacy policies of our business collaborators, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide links. NH.com users should also be aware that, when personal information is voluntarily disclosed in chat areas or bulletin boards on NH.com or any other Web site, that information may be collected by others and may result in unauthorized or unsolicited messages from others.
Feedback
We have several feedback forms on NH.com. Any feedback that is submitted through these forms or through email is the property of NH.com. We may use this feedback for marketing purposes, or to contact you for additional feedback.
Children
We do not specifically collect information about children. We believe that children should get their parents’ consent before giving out personal information. We further believe that parents should participate, and guide their children’s experience on NH.com.
Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about NH.com’s privacy policy, please feel free to email us at privacy@nh.com or call 603-594-6458 and speak to our new media director.
Advertisements
Two ways to search > Choose one from below:
Search Directory:
Enter name or type of business
|
Location:
Enter city & state, or zip code
Featured listings:
View our featured, enhanced business directory listings, by NH region:
Dartmouth/Lake Sunapee
Great North Woods
Lakes Region
Merrimack Valley
|
Monadnock Region
Seacoast
White Mountains
Popular searches:
Attorneys in Concord | Doctors in Concord
Auto Dealers in Concord | Employment Agencies in Concord
Auto Service in Concord | Florists in Concord
Banks in Concord | Furniture in Concord
Bars in Concord | General Contractors in Concord
Beauty Salons in Concord | Grocery Stores in Concord
Bed & Breakfasts in Concord | Hardware Stores in Concord
Churches in Concord | Health Clubs in Concord
Daycare in Concord | Hospitals in Concord
Dentists in Concord | Hotels & Motels in Concord
Department Stores in Concord | Insurance in Concord
Landscapers in Concord | Restaurants in Concord
Marinas in Concord | Storage in Concord
Motorcycle Dealers in Concord | Tickets in Concord
Pizza in Concord | Tire Dealers in Concord
Plumbers in Concord | Veterinarians in Concord
Real Estate in Concord |
Browse the full directory | Powered by Local.com
