The following text is extracted and transformed from the 2500sz.co privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-28. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - 2500SZ
Privacy Policy for http://2500sz.co
The privacy of our visitors to http://2500sz.co is important to us.
At http://2500sz.co, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit http://2500sz.co, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files: As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons: We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on http://2500sz.co to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases,
Ads
Categories
Online Games
Travel & Lifestyle
Travelling apps
Recent Posts
8 Awesome Foods You Can Taste in Lake Como
How You Can Get Ready For An Inconvenience Free Adventure Holiday
Finding The Right Extended Stay Accommodations
Few Reasons Why Traveling Is Good for You
A Family Adventure Holiday With a Difference
Archives
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
