The following text is extracted and transformed from the amandla.mobi privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-12. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Amandla.mobi
Privacy policy
Privacy matters, and amandla .mobi is totally committed to ensuring that your participation in our important work protects your personal information.
What is personal information?
Personal information is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable whether the information or opinion is true or not, and whether the information is recorded in a material form or not.
What personal information we collect
The types of information we collect and hold about you can include your name, province, email address and telephone number.
Why amandla .mobi collects your personal information
We collect personal information to allow us to send you opportunities to get up and participate in campaigns and to provide you with information about our organisation, projects and campaigns.
amandla .mobi may also use your personal information for the purposes of our internal administrative, research, planning, marketing, campaigns and project development.
We won't use or disclose your personal information for any secondary purpose, unless:
- that secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose for which we collect that information and you would reasonably expect the disclosure in the circumstances or
- you have given us your consent.
How we collect and hold information:
amandla .mobi collects and holds personal information you provide us through our website, Mxit, USSD, SMS, Whatsapp, Pls Call Me, missed calls, Facebook, Twitter, over the phone or by email.
For example, when you send an email to us or give us information over the phone, we may retain this in order to respond to your inquiry.
How we make sure your personal information is protected
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorised access to systems where we store personal information.
Personal information will not be traded, sold or leased to third parties.
Personal information is held only for as long as the personal information remains relevant to the purpose for which it was collected.
Our website is not aimed at children under 13 years old and we will not collect, use, provide or process in any other form any personal information of children under the age of 13 deliberately.
We therefore also ask you, if you are under 13 years old, please do not send us your personal information (for example, your name, address and email address). If you are under 13 years old and you nevertheless wish to ask a question or use this website in anyway which requires you to submit your personal information please get your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf.
Unsolicited personal information
We don't usually collect unsolicited personal information. Where we receive unsolicited personal information, we'll determine whether or not it would have been permissible to collect that personal information if it had been solicited. If we determine that collection would not have been permissible, to the extent permitted by law, we'll destroy or de-identify that personal information as soon as practicable.
Links
Please note that if you are directed to or make use of any external links to another website, such web sites are not subject to this privacy policy
Overseas disclosure
amandla .mobi does not disclose personal information to any overseas entities.
Changes to this policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
Complaints
If you consider a breach of the South African privacy laws or your rights in relation to privacy has occurred, you may direct your query to Koketso Moeti at koketso (at) amandla.mobi
