The following text is extracted and transformed from the charity-commission.gov.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-29. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Charity Commission Freedom of Information/Environmental Information Regulations request privacy notice - GOV.UK
Home
Guidance
Privacy policy about how we process your data when you submit a Freedom of Information (FOI) or Environmental Information Regulations (EIR) request.
Published 9 August 2018
From:
The Charity Commission
Documents
Freedom of Information/Environmental Information Regulations request privacy notice
HTML
Legal basis for processing personal information as of a Freedom of Information or Environmental Information Regulations request
ODT, 134KB
This file is in an OpenDocument format
This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology. Request an accessible format.
If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a version of this document in a more accessible format, please email usability@charitycommission.gsi.gov.uk. Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.
Details
This privacy notice explains how the Charity Commission processes your personal data when you submit a request under the Freedom of Information Act 2000/Environmental Information Regulations 2004.
Published 9 August 2018
Related content
FOI requests for information received by MOD: February 2011
Guidance for requesting information from the FCO
FOI requests for information received by MOD: November 2011
FOI requests for information received by MOD: May 2011
FOI requests for information received by MOD: August 2011
Explore the topic
Community and society
Is this page useful?
Yes this page is useful   No this page is not useful   Is there anything wrong with this page?
Thank you for your feedback
Close
Help us improve GOV.UK
Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.
What were you doing?
What went wrong?
Close
Help us improve GOV.UK
To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone.
Email address
*[ODT]: OpenDocument Text document
