The following text is extracted and transformed from the bubblebox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
BubbleBox.com | privacy policy
|
---|---
BubbleBox.com respect the privacy of Internet users. Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information.
Consumer Information
During the process of delivering an ad to you, no personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address is collected. However, some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example) are obtained. The information collected are used for the purpose of targeting ads and measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of our advertisers.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, and communicating with you. This information will not be shared with third parties.
|
If you have any additional questions about BubbleBox's dedication to consumer privacy, please contact us at
I LIKE YOU, YOUR TURN
Top Games on BUBBLEBOX
Enjoy some of these legendary BB games
Play the latest games
Millions of people have played online games on Bubblebox, invite your friends and join in on the fun! Bubblebox started way back in the internets infancy, we know games! We host over 3,000+ games, the most popular of which nowadays are shooting, upgrades, simulator, ragdoll and .io games.
Recently the multiplayer io games genre has become hugely popular. Make sure you don't miss Slither.io, Wormax.io and Paper.io!
Since we've been around for many years traditionally popular categories like stickman games, RPG, physics and point and click games are packed with great classic titles and games series. Golden oldies which you can still play online for free include Raft Wars, Infectonator, Sift Heads, the Ducklife series, Age of War and Cover Orange.
