The following text is extracted and transformed from the sznpaste.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-23. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy For SZNPaste.net
At sznpaste.net , the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received & collected by sznpaste.net and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, sznpaste.net makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, & number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, & gather demographic information. IP addresses, & other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies & Web Beacons
sznpaste.net does use cookies to store information approximately visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on sznpaste.net .:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to sznpaste.net and other sites on the Internet. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad & content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Some of our advertising partners may use cookies & web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include …. Google Adsense Amazon These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements & links that appear on sznpaste.net send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may moreover be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements & / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. sznpaste.net has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions approximately how to opt-out of certain practices. sznpaste.net's privacy policy does not apply to, & we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information approximately cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
