The following text is extracted and transformed from the startupselfie.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-07. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Startup Selfie
At StartupSelfie.net ( startupselfie.net ), the privacy of our visitors is extremely important. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected and how it is used.
This Privacy Policy is reviewed and revised from time to time. You will want to revisit it regularly. Your use of this site, in any and all forms, constitutes an acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
Forms
User sign-ups/registrations are NOT enabled on our website at the moment, so those forms DON’T collect any data.
Comment forms on blog posts collect your name and email, comment and website (if provided, not required) so that we can keep track of the comments placed on the website.
You can view or request to anonymize your personal data at any time from this page: GDPR – Data Access Request.
Cookies
3rd party cookies are used on website to store information about visitor preferences and to record user-specific information on visits and pages the user views so as to provide a custom experience. In regard to third-party advertisers, StartupSelfie has no access or control over these cookies. You should review the respective privacy policies on any and all third-party ad servers for more information regarding their practices and how to opt-out.
If you wish to disable cookies you may do so through your web browser options. Instructions for doing so and for other cookie-related management can be found on the specific web browsers’ websites.
Google Cookie
Google, a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on StartupSelfie. Users may opt out of the use of the cookie by visiting Google’s Content Network Privacy Policy.
We serve non-personalized ads to our users in the EEA. Although non-personalized ads don’t use cookies or mobile ad identifiers for ad targeting, they do still use cookies or mobile ad identifiers for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.
We use Google Analytics to track visitors on this site. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect this data. In order to be compliant with the new regulation Google included a data processing amendment.
Amazon Affiliates Cookie
Amazon Affiliates, a third party system, uses cookies to serve advertisements and links to products on Amazon.com.  You may read more about Amazon Affiliates and their Operating Agreement here.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at selfiestartup@gmail.com.
Last Updated: May 24, 2018
