The following text is extracted and transformed from the startvbdotnet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Startvbdotnet.com Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
Startvbdotnet.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate it's firm commitment to privacy. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for Startvbdotnet.com. We are committed to providing both visitors to our sites and advertisers with the utmost in privacy and security. We abide by all industry guidelines and consistently monitor our management and methods in order to maintain our reputation and integrity. This is our promise to our visitors and advertisers.
Personal Information
This site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted. Since we do not collect any personal information on this site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
Site Usage Information
Startvbdotnet.com gathers "site usage" information from all visitors to it's Web site. Such data is used in the aggregate, to help determine general usage patterns and fine tune layout in order to ensure that our site is as useful and enjoyable as possible. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information such as the
number of pages you view while at the website, downloads that have been made, and other general visiting patterns. We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your computer. When you view our Web site, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a 'Cookie' and will help us in many ways. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor our Web site to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer
to your Browser instructions to learn more about these functions.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. Some user information might be shared with advertising companies to try and bring offers that are of interest to you. These advertisements may contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in reality come from our partners who are serving ads through our site.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements from this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Links
Our website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Startvbdotnet.com, is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Startvbdotnet.com.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Log file access is restricted to the administrator while stored on the server. Log files are rotated regularly and archived in a secure location.
Changes of Policy
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that such practices are subject to change. We ask that our visitors periodically review this page to ensure familiarity with the most current version of our privacy statement.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Startvbdotnet website, please feel free to contact us.
