The following text is extracted and transformed from the static-layouts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-08-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
STATIC-LAYOUTS.COM - Summer Layouts, Myspace Layouts, Default Layouts, Skinny Layouts, Bulletin Surveys, Skinny Defaults, Music Skins, Page Graphics
| Updates
Myspace Content
MySpace Layouts
All Page Graphics
All Photography Graphics
Surveys
Contact Buttons
Contact Tables
About Me Headers
Extended Networks
Find your FRIEND ID
Twilight Stuff
dFriends
Default Layouts
Moonbeam Layouts
Moonbeam Layouts
Cute Backgrounds
Default Layouts
Bebop Layouts
Default Layouts
Heartbreaker Layouts
Sunshine Layouts
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
This privacy policy covers how we treat personal information that we collect and receive. We do not intend to collect any personal information from children under 13 unless we believe such collection to be permitted by law. Please see below for our policy with respect to children under 13.
General
We gather user information to provide you with a customized experience on our site. Your user information helps us tailor the content, services, goods and advertising to your current and future needs. For this reason, we may ask you to register or to provide personal information when you post comments, enter a contest, order products, subscribe to a newsletter and/or visit certain areas of our site. If you choose not to register you may not have access to areas that require personal identification. If you register with our site or purchase products from us, from time to time we may e-mail you with messages about our services or third party products and services we believe may be of interest to you, such as new products, features, services, special offers and updated information. The newsletters may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the newsletters, including whether the e-mail was opened and/or what links (if any) were clicked. We will combine that information with other information we have about you and may use that information to improve your site experience and/or provide customized e-mail communications to you. In addition, if you register with our site or purchase products you may automatically receive e-mails confirming your registration and/or purchase and providing you with necessary information relating to the access or use of your registration and/or purchase. With the exception of the e-mails described in the preceding sentence which are necessary to provide customer support and deliver products and services to you, you may opt-out of receiving e-mail from us as described below.
