The following text is extracted and transformed from the np.edu.sg privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Ngee Ann Polytechnic Privacy Statement
​​​ NGEE ANN POLYTECHNIC PRIVACY STATEMENT
This is a Ngee Ann Polytechnic (NP) electronic service. NP is a government agency.
We may use "cookies", where a small data file is sent to your browser to store and track information about you when you enter our websites. The cookie is used to track information such as the number of users and their frequency of use, profiles of users and their preferred sites. While this cookie can tell us when you enter our sites and which pages you visit, it cannot read data off your hard disk.​​
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.​
If you provide us with personally identifiable data,​
We may share necessary data with other Government agencies, so as to serve you in the most efficient and effective way unless such sharing is prohibited by law.​
We will NOT share your Personal Data with non-Government entities, except where such entities have been authorised to carry out specific Government services.​
For your convenience, we may also display to you data you had previously supplied us or other Government agencies. This will speed up the transaction and save you the trouble of repeating previous submissions. Should the data be out-of-date, please supply us the latest data.​ NP's handling of personal data is appended in the table below.
To safeguard your personal data, all electronic storage and transmission of personal data are secured with appropriate security technologies.
This site may contain links to non-Government sites whose data protection and privacy practices may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the content and privacy practices of these other websites and encourage you to consult the privacy notices of those site.​
Please contact NP at np_qsm@np.edu.sg if you:
have any enquiries or feedback on our data protection policies and procedures,​
need more information on or access to the data which you have provided to us in the past.​
​ HANDLING OF PERSONAL DATA
Your Personal Data
Your Personal Data refers to any data from which you, as an individual, may be identified. For example: Your NRIC number.
Collection of Personal Data
NP may collect your Personal Data in the following ways:
When you register or submit forms for or use any of NP's services such as courses, scholarships, financial assistance or events;​
​​​​​When you interact with our customer service officers;
When you provide feedback and request that we contact you.​
Purposes for the Collection, Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Data​
Generally, NP collects, uses and discloses your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Administering, processing or responding to your requests or queries;
​Managing your relationship with the Polytechnic;
Verifying your identity or matching any Personal Data held which relates to you;
Inviting you to participate in research, during or after your course of study;
Publishing in the Polytechnic's newsletters, publications, and marketing related materials;
Enrolling you as an Alumni of the Polytechnic upon graduation;
Facilitating your course of study and further studies;
Complying with any applicable rules, laws and regulations, codes of practice or guidelines or to assist in law enforcement and investigations by relevant authorities; and/or
Any other purposes relating to any of the above.​
NP will take reasonable steps to protect your data from unauthorised disclosure. Data will be securely disposed when the purpose has been met.
Last updated: Tuesday, 5 May 2015
