The following text is extracted and transformed from the xentrik.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Xentrik | Privacy Policy
Because protecting your privacy is very important to Xentrik , we operate this website under the following guidelines, to safeguard your personally identifiable information:
What personal information does Xentrik collect?
Xentrik asks when we need information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). For example, Xentrik asks for your name and e-mail address when you use the contact form. We also collect information about your navigation of our site, the type of operating system you use, and your IP address. From time to time, we may collect additional information for surveys or other promotions sponsored by Xentrik and/or its promotional partners. We use this information to operate our services, to help identify you, and to gather broad demographic information.
What are cookies and how does Xentrik use them?
Xentrik may place a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. Cookies are small pieces of information or files that are stored on a user's computer by the Web server through a user's browser for record keeping purposes. The information can be retrieved to personalize, monitor, or regulate use of the site. Cookies allow Xentrik to automate access and data entry functions of the site, such as login information and to tailor the site to a user's preferences or interests. In addition, cookies allow Xentrik to track usage of the site to determine those areas of the site that are useful or popular (and those that are not), thereby enabling Xentrik to improve and update its service.
Will Xentrik ever send me direct mailings?
No. The only time you will ever receive any kind of mail from Xentrik is when you contact us first, requiring a reply. We do not send out promotional messages of any kind.
How do I protect my Personal Information in public forums?
Xentrik may at times offer interactive forums, such as messages boards and chat. Xentrik users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose Personal Information to other users or to third parties on the Xentrik website, that information can be collected and used by others, and may result in unsolicited messages from other members or third parties. While Xentrik strives to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Xentrik , and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any personal information.
What about privacy on sites that Xentrik links to?
Xentrik may provide links to other Internet sites or partners. These sites have separate data and privacy practices independent of Xentrik , and we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
Will Xentrik share my personal information with any third parties?
Xentrik will NOT disclose any Personal Information, except as described in this policy. Xentrik may disclose user information, including demographic data, in 3 instances only: 1) in an aggregated form that does not identify individual users in order to describe its services to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes; 2) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; and/or 3) to protect the rights or property of Xentrik or its visitors.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you believe Xentrik has not adhered to these principles, please contact us.
