The following text is extracted and transformed from the studio-397.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-09. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy – Studio-397
The following are the privacy policies of Studio 397 BV (“S397”), owners of rFactor 2 and its related online services. Privacy issues are very important to S397 and we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our online visitors, customers and users; in this policy we explain how we will treat your personal information.
General
S397 collects non-personal information each time you visit one of our websites. By using our websites and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
We collect personal information only when you engage in a transaction, download software or register for a service on one of our sites.
Cookies and Web Beacons
To enhance your experience on our Web pagers, S397 and our advertiser(s) commonly employ Internet technologies, such as “cookies”, to collect and store non-personal information about our visitors. A cookie is a file containing an identifier that is sent by a website and is stored by your browser on your computer.
The cookies use do not contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies and Web beacons (also called “pixel tags”) may be used by S397 and our advertisers to determine how you reached us, to track your usage patterns once you are on our Web pages or Web Sites and to target our Internet banner advertisements on our Web pages and Web Sites. Except as stated above, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices or policies of companies we do not control or own, and does not apply to links to sites that are not maintained by us, or to persons that we do not employ or manage,
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; If you block all cookies however, you may not be able to use all the features on our websites.
Collecting Personal Information
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of our website, including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation;
information that you provide to us when registering with our websites;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters;
information that you provide to us when using the services on our website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services, including the timing, frequency and pattern of service use
information relating to any purchases you make of our goods, software and/or services or any other transactions that you enter into through our websites;
information that you post to our websites for publication on the Internet, including your user name, your profile pictures and the content of your posts and
any other personal information that you choose to send to us
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
Using Personal Information
Personal information submitted to us through our websites will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the respective website.
When you provide us with your information you acknowledge that this information may be stored and processed on servers located anywhere in the World. You consent to your information being stored and processed at our discretion on any of our servers wherever located.
We may use your personal information to:
enable your use of the services available on our websites;
send you goods and/or software license codes purchased through our websites;
supply you with services purchased through our websites;
send statements, invoices and payment reminders to you, and collect payments from you;
send you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
send you marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our websites and
keep our websites secure and prevent fraud.
If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third party’s direct marketing.
Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on our websites, and can be adjusted using privacy controls on the websites.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
We may further disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings and
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information for the purposes of fraud prevention;
Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
International Data Transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed on servers located anywhere in the World. You consent to your information being stored and processed in accordance with this policy, at our discretion on any of our servers wherever located.
Personal information that you publish on our websites or submit for publication on our websites may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section 6.
Retention of Personal Information
This Section 7 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 7, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention.
Security
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
All electronic financial transactions entered into through our websites will be protected by encryption technology.
Communications between S397’s secure servers and your personal computer uses industry-standard secure-socket-layer (SSL) technology, which is utilized by most popular browsers. You acknowledge however, that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of personal data sent over the internet
You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our websites confidential; we will not ask you for your password except when you log in to our websites.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time, at our sole discretion, by publishing a new version on our websites.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you agree with any changes to this policy.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
the payment of a fee (currently fixed at US$ 10); and
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity.
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Third party websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
BY USING OUR WEB SITE OR PURCHASING THE SOFTWARE YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OF US PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT USE OUR WEB SITE OR PURCHASE THE SOFTWARE.
