The following text is extracted and transformed from the jambo.pk privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-22. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Jambo.pk
INTRODUCTION
We lcome & congratulations!
Now that you have decided to use Jambo as your preferred online shopping store, it’s the right thing to read through our Privacy Policy document because your privacy matters!
We thank you for the trust you have placed in us by using our services. We place great emphasis on privacy and confidentiality in all matters.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Jambo  (hereinafter referred to as “ Jambo ”, “website”, “us”, “we”, “our ”) collects, uses, maintains and (under certain conditions and scenarios) discloses the information collected from users (hereinafter referred to as “user”, “You”, “Your”, “Their”, “Them ”) of the www.Jambo.pk we bsite. This privacy policy applies to the website and all products and services offered by Jambo.
Your usage of the we bsite, whether directly or through another site, implies understanding and acceptance of the practices described in this policy. If you do not agree with any of the practices outlined in this privacy policy, do not use this we bsite. But we are reasonable and accommodating, so you won’t find anything to disagree with.
Please remember that we only collect information that we require to fulfill your order and to improve your online shopping experience, and information that is required by law.
You can also visit and browse the website anonymously without revealing any personal information. Your informationwill remain anonymous till such time when you log in with your user name and password.
Your personal information, including financial details, if any, are encrypted, and stored on computers that are in a secure location with relevant technological security measures in place in compliance with the law and international security standards.
You also have the option to opt-out at any time of any specific service of features, or if you don’t wish the Website to have access to your personal information.
DATA COLLECTION – PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION DETAILS
We need your information when you place an order.
We may collect personal identification information from you dependent upon usage, including, but not limited to, when users visit our We bsite, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our we bsite.
Users may be asked for, based upon relevance, name, gender, email address, residential address, contact number and other details.
Users may, ho we ver, visit Jambo anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us.
Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website related activities.
NON-PERSONAL DETAILS
We may collect non-personal identification information about you whenever you interact with our we bsite. This may include device type, browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your means of connection to our We bsite, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
COOKIES
Cookies are miniature text files that help our server to recognize your computer as a unique visitor whenever you visit certain pages on Jambo. Your Internet Protocol (IP) Address saves time and unnecessary clicks and helps us improve User Experience (UX).
Cookies are never used to obtain information about any user, such as for targeted advertising purposes. You can set your browser settings and not accept any cookies; but that would restrict Jambo’s effectiveness. We assure our customers that none of our cookies contain any private or personal details and are virus free.
To find more information regarding cookies you can visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org or also inquire on how to remove cookies from a browser at https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html.
Our website uses Google Analytics, which is a Google. Inc provided service (“Google”). Google analytics places text files (cookies) on user’s computer to help track and analyze the website as to how it is being used by different users. All information generated by these cookies is transferred and stored on the servers of Google in USA. Google uses all gathered information to evaluate how the website is used and compiles the information in form of reports which is then made available to website operators in form of activity on their sites along with offering other services also related to activity on the website and use of internet. Google may also pass out the information received to other third parties whenever the law requires it to do so or wherever any third party is used by Google to process the information on their behalf. Google does not associate IP addresses with any other Google held date. Website users can at any time refuse cookies use via selecting suitable settings in their browsers. Ho we ver doing so will restrict users from enjoying the full functionality of Jambo. Through using this site, visitors offer consent to Google’s processing of your data in the manner and for the purpose defined above.
SECURITY – PROTECTING DATA
Data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures are in place to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data entered on Jambo.
INFORMATION SHARING
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
We may also share your details with our agents and subcontractors to help complete your request, such as with our logistics partner, for delivery.
We may collect and use users’ personal information for the following purposes as we ll:
To improve Jambo using your feedback; improve products and services.
To send periodic emails responding to inquiries, queries & questions, and/or other requests. You can also read about it in the FAQs section
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT
Jambo cooperates with mandated government and law enforcement agencies or any third parties by an order under law in order to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we , in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process, to protect the property and rights of the website or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. We may also provide your personal information to various tax authorities upon any demand or request from them.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
We provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These sites may have their own privacy policies in place, which we recommend you review if you visit any linked websites. We are not responsible for the content of linked sites or any use of the sites.
YOUR RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES
By using this we bsite, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree with the practices mentioned in this policy, please do not use our We bsite. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes.
Your usage of Jambo also implies that you are solely responsible for ensuring the security of your personal information, such as username and password, and indemnify Jambo of all responsibility for any misuse of the abovementioned unless when it is due to Jambo’s mistake or oversight.
