The following text is extracted and transformed from the acbar.org privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
WWW.ACBAR.ORG is committed to protecting your privacy.  Please read the WWW.ACBAR.ORG Statement of Privacy below and also any supplementary information at the end of this statement for additional details about particular WWW.ACBAR.ORG services that you may use.
At Acbar.org, we take your privacy seriously! Please read this Statement of Privacy to be more aware about our policy on collecting, using and disclosing personal information.
Scope of coverage
This Statement of Privacy covers how acbar.org treats personal information collected and received, including information relating to the past use of our services. "Personal Information" refers to information that personally identifies you by your name, email address or phone number and other information that is not otherwise available publicly. This Statement of Privacy applies only to the practices of acbar.org and the people we employ or manage. Other websites or services linked to/from this website will have their own statements of privacy which can be viewed by clicking on their respective privacy links.
Collection of your Personal Information
Acbar.org collects personal information, such as your name, email address, home or work address or telephone number, work experience and other such data associated with a resume for job applications.
Acbar.org also keeps track of the pages our users visit within acbar.org in order to determine which of our sites and services are the most popular.
Acbar.org may also collect certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. We use this information for operating the service, maintaining the quality of the service and providing general statistics.
Please keep in mind that when you apply for jobs advertised on acbar.org, you should directly correspond with the employing organization, Acbar.org has nothing to do with the employment process. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to browse that are linked from acbar.org so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on such websites outside the acbar.org domain name.
Use of your Personal Information
Acbar.org does not sell, rent or share your personal information with other people or non-affiliated third parties except to provide you with the products or services you have requested. When you give us permission, or under these circumstances:
· Acbar.org observes the process of law and will establish or exercise our legal rights or defend ourselves against legal claims;
· Acbar.org believes in sharing information in order to investigate, prevent or act on illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Acbar.org's terms of use, or as otherwise required by the law;
Use of Cookies
Acbar.org uses cookies to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a webpage server. Cookies are assigned to and can identify you uniquely, A cookie can only be read by a web server that issued you the cookie.
Cookies cannot run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Their primary use is to provide a convenience by saving you time. For example, if you personalize our pages or register with our services, a cookie will help Acbar.org to remember you on your subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, and so on. When you next return to Acbar.org, the information you previously provided is retrieved so you can easily use our features that you had customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers will accept cookies automatically, but you can usually set your browser to decline cookies. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to experience the full interactive features of Acbar.org services or other websites you visit.
Acbar.org links the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submitted while on our site.
Enforcement of this Statement of Privacy
If you have questions regarding this statement, please contact us at www.acbar.org. We will look into your problem and serve you to resolve your concerns.
Changes to this Statement
Acbar.org will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect organization & visitors feedback. When we post changes to this Statement, you will see the word "updated" next to the Privacy Statement link on the front page of Acbar.org.
Acbar.org encourages you to review this Statement periodically to be informed of how we are protecting your personal information.
Contact Information
Acbar.org welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Statement, please contact us by telephone, email or post:
Address: House # 69, Shaheed Tomb, Chahar Rahi Shaheed, Share-e-Now, Kabul,  Afghanistan
Phone: 0093 (0)77 59 34 919
Email:  webinfo@acbar.org
