The following text is extracted and transformed from the crea8social.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-26. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Crea8social: Start Your Social Network Community - Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information when you use this software.
The Data we collect
The personal data is any kind of data or information that can be considered personal (identifies an individual) like email address, first and last name, credit card information, address e.t.c
How do we Use the Data?
We use your data (personal information) for providing and improving what you want to make use, the information to complete the order you have placed. No sharing of your information with any individual or outside parties but to extent necessary to accomplish the order you have placed.
How do we secure the Data?
We protect your personal information, we take reasonable precaution and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. During purchase, we only collect necessary information to complete the transaction and after that is complete, the purchase transaction information is deleted.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on our computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookies is been sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our service.
Children’s policy
Our service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our server immediately.
Change to This Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time, we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any change and changes to this  privacy policy are effective once they are posted here.
Note: To change your domain require paying for our new setup service, if you don't our app setup agent will not consider your app for rebuild. To pay go to our services page and pay for the right service
