The following text is extracted and transformed from the 365articles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-03-12. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
DIGITAL MELLINIUM ACT OF 1998
PRIVACY POLICY
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on our website. The types of personal information commonly collected at these pages are mostly:
–Name
–Email address
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself only to complete a specific request, for example, to post a comment on our blog or to subscribe to our email feed. We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer’s hard drive that enables us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. Our site and third parties such as advertisers may add a cookie to help analyze web traffic or to determine targeted advertisements based on your preferences. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you, however, from taking full advantage of the website.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at:
cebuwintrade[at]gmail.com
