The following text is extracted and transformed from the japanator.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - JAPANATOR
Mini Privacy Policy:
In short, we do business based on Google's meme: "Don't be evil."
Japanator is a trusted community site so we hold ourselves to the highest privacy standards. Simply put -- We would never sell your email address, nor share it with with anyone, or ever spam you -- ever, end of story. We also have everything in place to keep the bad guys out. We would also never ask you for your passwords, credit card, phone, etc. We don't even care if you don't give us your real name, to be honest.
By becoming a member of the Japanator's community, you are only agreeing to become a virtual person in our world. Seriously, that's all there is to it. Easy, eh? Yes, as it should be. (ahem!)
We also follow all rules set forth by the Online Privacy Alliance
The Long Version:
Japanator.com is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. The following statement details our ongoing support for the responsible collection and management of Internet user information.
Internet User Information
When we display an advertisement on your computer, we do not collect any personal identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. Japanator.com does, like other Internet advertisers, collect certain information which can not personally identify you. (Specifically: Cookies!) This category of information is generally referred to as non-personally-identifiable information includes information like the server or internet service provider you use, type of browser used. There are some cases where you, the Internet user, may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a particular ad (a survey or purchase order form). In such cases the third party advertising with Japanator.com may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser. The advertiser in turn uses this information to reply to your request.
Furthermore, Japanator.com does not divulge any information regarding the users who use email for correspondence with the webmaster or any representative of Japanator.com.
Online Advertising
Japanator does not sell its own ads.  We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on our Web Site, other web sites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
In layman's terms: it's just a cookie that says "hey you saw this ad already" or "ok, he clicked on a banner ad for leather rock pants, lets show this guy more of those."  We don't share any information from your personal account with advertisers.
HEY YOU - USE COMMON SENSE IN ALL YOUR ONLINE ACTIVITIES
Even the best policy can't protect your online privacy and security in all circumstances. Unscrupulous advertisers, hackers, and scam artists are constantly searching the Internet looking for new targets. Your best protection is to understand the limits to privacy on the Internet and use common sense in all of your on-line activities.
Be aware that e-mail is an inherently insecure form of communication. Remember that third parties are sometimes able to illegally intercept your unencrypted messages, including online greetings. Anytime you visit a chat room or post a message to an on-line bulletin board, your e-mail address can be accessed by advertisers looking to compile lists for unsolicited commercial e-mail (also known as spam).
Be sure that you only disclose your e-mail address in circumstances in which it is safe to do so. Beware of scams in which persons unknown to you request your screen name, password, or credit card information. Make sure you verify the identity of anyone asking for personal information. Always monitor your children's on-line activities and educate them as to the rules for safe Internet use. For more information, click here for the Internet Education Foundation's Online Safety Guide for Kids.
Contacting the Webmaster
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website, you can contact the site owner at support@Japanator.com. I will do our best to reply within 48 hours.
3:30 PM on 08.09.2010   //   Tim Sheehy
I'm not sure why this is news, seeing as both of her recent shows, Tru Calling and Dollhouse, have been canceled in the first or second season, but I suppose having once guest-starred in something that aired fo...   more
10:00 PM on 11.14.2009   //   Karen Leslie
After writing my article on why Haruhi should be over, I realized that I like telling people that their favorite series should take a dirt nap. I don't know why; it must have been something in those formative years.Naruto may...   more
2:00 PM on 11.04.2009   //   Jon Snyder
Remember that trailer for the eroge game My Girlfriend Is The President? You know, the one where aliens brainwash everybody into thinking that cute girls are actually world leaders? Well, now Barack Obama is in on the a...   more
8:00 PM on 08.07.2009   //   Josh Tolentino
It's almost a given that anything that's worth stealing will have someone around looking to steal it, but I still find it somewhat odd that people would go off to nab mere posters. Four people, their ages ranging from tw...   more
10:17 AM on 05.10.2007   //   Brad Rice
Man, am I sucker for romantic comedies. So, what I got in the mail was the start of the second season of Ah My Goddess, a series which I haven't watched the first season of. So naturally, I'm the perfect person to review it...   more
7:13 PM on 01.19.2007   //   Dale North
Tsumashii otaku, or "thrifty enthusiast" is a weekly feature where we find and share great deals on otaku goods, because we know first hand how much it costs to be an otaku. I had every intention of sending you on a click...   more
