The following text is extracted and transformed from the aitsl.edu.au privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
You are currently:
Home
Privacy Policy>
AITSL is committed to protecting personal information and meeting its privacy obligations through compliance with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) established under the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988, and the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).When visiting or viewing the AITSL websites, our server makes a record of your visit and logs the following information:
your browser's internet address;
the date and time of your visit to the site;
the pages you accessed and documents downloaded;
the previous site visited;
the type of browser you are using;
the username entered if accessing a restricted site.
If you do not wish for AITSL to collect this information, you can opt out here
European Union and United Kingdom residents can find AITSL’s GDPR policy here.
AITSL uses this information for statistical purposes and for system administration tasks to maintain the services it provides through AITSL websites. AITSL does not attempt to identify individuals as part of its regular business practices however in the unlikely event of an investigation, AITSL, a law enforcement agency or other government agency may exercise its legal authority to inspect the server's logs.
If at any stage you provide us with your email address either as part of a message, completing a survey/questionnaire/form or by registering to become an Authorised User of one or more of AITSL's websites, AITSL will only use your email address to:
fulfil its obligations to you and to respond to any questions or requests you may have
contact you about material changes in the Terms and Conditions
comply with any applicable law or regulation or where AITSL reasonably believes such use is necessary to conform with the requirements of any applicable law or to comply with legal process served on AITSL
inform you about educational news, resources and tools with an e-newsletter. To opt out of this list please email info@aitsl.edu.au
We will not provide your email address to any third party mailing list without your consent.
Furthermore to the extent that AITSL does retain any Personal Information about you as a result of your use of these websites, it will deal with such Personal Information, in accordance with its Privacy Policy. The AITSL Privacy Policy reflects AITSL’s obligations under the Privacy Act (1988) and the Australian Privacy Principles.
To see the full text of AITSL’s Privacy Policy
AITSL Privacy Policy
External sites that are linked to or from AITSL's website are generally not under our control or responsibility and you are advised to review their privacy statement.
Please direct all enquiries in relation to access and privacy to info@aitsl.edu.au
Page authorised by: Australian Institute for Teaching and School Leadership (AITSL) ABN 17 117 362 740
