The following text is extracted and transformed from the buddyboss.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-01-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy • BuddyBoss
Your privacy matters to us. We promise to respect your contact preferences and to guard your private information. This Privacy Policy is intended to describe the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our website or services or transacting business with us. By using our website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The level of information BuddyBoss, LLC collects depends on the level of your use. If you make a purchase, we collect your email address, full name, address and credit card information. We use SSL encryption in the transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and ours. For your protection, BuddyBoss, LLC does not store your complete billing information on its servers. BuddyBoss, LLC partners with a secure payment gateway to provide a safe, secure payment procedure.
BuddyBoss, LLC uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision, billing, services improvement, contact, and research. Third party service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
Your browser installs a cookie on your computer when you visit our site. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to record current session information, provide services, and compile analytics about our users. In addition, our server logs automatically collect information, such as your IP address, your browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit, which helps us track users’ movements around our site and understand trends.
BuddyBoss, LLC uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run buddyboss.com. The technical processing and transmission of the Service may involve (a) transmissions over various networks, and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Third party vendors may also use cookies to serve you ads based on your visit to this website. We take appropriate physical, electronic, and other security measures to help safeguard personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure.
BuddyBoss, LLC may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas, warrants, other valid legal processes, or when your actions violate the Terms of Service.
If you provide us with your email address, BuddyBoss, LLC may occasionally use this email to contact you for site-related issues. If you do not want us to contact you for commercial purposes, you may contact us to remove yourself from our marketing lists. BuddyBoss, LLC complies with the Federal Can-Spam Act (15 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.). To opt out of having your personal information affect the serving of Google AdWords, visit https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/.
