The following text is extracted and transformed from the lincolnelectric.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-03. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement | Lincoln Electric
|
| Legal Information
|  | Disclaimer
Legal Notice
Privacy Statement
Insurance Verification
Safe Harbor Statement
Environmental, Health
and Safety Policy
|
The Lincoln Electric Company has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.lincolnelectric.com.
Personal Data
The Lincoln Electric Company does not sell any personal information or e-mail addresses collected on it's Web site. It also does not share this information with any other organizations not directly affiliated with the Lincoln Electric Company. In addition, our Web site tracks information about the visits to our Web site through various methods including the use of cookies. These statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and are not provided to other organizations.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
This site contains links to other sites. www.lincolnelectric.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email
Visit http://www.lincolnelectric.com/community/newsletters/remove.asp to remove your name from our list
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
Email your changes via the Web
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Webmaster
The Lincoln Electric Company
22801 St. Clair Ave.
Cleveland, OH 44117
E-mail Us
|
