The following text is extracted and transformed from the getbookreport.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-15. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Book Report
Our Privacy Policy
We do not collect your sales data. It never touches our servers. We do not store or collect your pen names or a list of your titles. We do collect some other data though, all of which you can find outlined below.
Account Information. On first use, we collect your Kindle Direct Publishing Customer ID. We do this to keep track of your free trial, your payments, and so that once you become a paid member you have access on multiple devices. We also store whether your account is operating at a free or paid level of service.
Contact Information. If you submit your email address to us, on the payment form or elsewhere, we will store the address in our database and send it to Mailchimp. You can unsubscribe any time, but you will still receive invoices.
Payment Information. Payments are handled through Stripe, so your credit card information never touches our servers. We do store information regarding the status of your subscription, such as failed payments or discounts applied.
Usage Information. We use Google Analytics on our site and in our app to track usage. This helps us learn which browsers we need to support, which reports people use the most, and other useful things. We've customized our integration for the most privacy possible. You can opt out with the official add-on or with Ghostery.
We will never share your data with any third parties, in ways other than those outlined above. Paying customers will be emailed whenever this policy is updated. The current version of this policy was created on April 2nd, 2015.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy or your data, please send an email to hello@getbookreport.com and we'll get back to you.
Don't have Book Report yet?
Click here
FAQ - Privacy - Terms
hello@getbookreport.com
