The following text is extracted and transformed from the intheholegolf.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-28. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy: InTheHoleGolf.com
Privacy Policy
IN THE HOLE! Golf is dedicated to keeping your personal information confidential. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand what information we gather and how we use it. By visiting intheholegolf.com, you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
At IN THE HOLE! Golf, we respect the privacy of our customers. We collect only the information that is necessary to process your order and notify you of any changes to your order. Your information is never shared, sold, rented, leased or given to any third parties.
Email Addresses
We collect your email address during the order so that we can send you an order confirmation. We will also email you any changes to your order that may effect timing or availability of items. Once again, we never share, sell, rent, lease or give this information to any third parties.
Cookies
We do capture cookies in order for us to keep track of the items you place in your shopping cart. The "cookie" does not tell us who you are, or any other personal information about you. It only allows us to keep track of items in your shopping cart.
Security
We strive to ensure that shopping online at intheholegolf.com is more secure than using your credit card at a local retailer. IN THE HOLE! Golf uses 128 Bit Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal information, before it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions. Because we use SSL, placing an order online is just as safe as giving your credit card number over the telephone. Consumer protection laws protect you against any unauthorized use of your credit card. Federal law dictates that your legal liability is limited to $50 if your credit card number is used without your permission. If you suspect any illegal use of your card, call your issuing bank immediately to make sure your rights are protected.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites and other sites may be linked to this site. intheholegolf.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
If you have any questions regarding any of the elements of our privacy policy, please call the customer service phone number below, or e-mail us at customerservice@intheholegolf.com.
IN THE HOLE! Golf, Inc.
P.O. Box 11471
Jackson, WY 83002
888-733-8383
InTheHoleGolf.com is your #1 resource for  golf equipment,  golf clubs, and  golf training aids. See our huge selection of  golf carts, golf balls,  golf drivers,  golf gifts,  golf shoes, golf irons, golf accessories,  golf bags,  golf putters, golf wedges, hybrid golf clubs, golf apparel, ladies golf equipment, and  golf tips. If you searched for  discount golf,  golf swing , golf fitness, or junior golf, you're on the right site. We have the perfect golf club head cover, golf swing video, golf GPS,  golf instruction , golf tee, golf simulator,  golf store , golf shop, and most products that are golf related. We carry over 100 brands including Ogio,  Tour Edge,  Bag Boy,  SkyGolf GPS,  Sun Mountain Golf and Tour Links.
|  |
|
|
Sonocaddie V300 Golf GPS
Price: $ 349.95
Nike SQ Dymo2 Driver
Price: $ 199.95
Zero Friction Golf Tees
Price: $ 4.95
Radar Golf System
Price: $ 179.95
TAG Heuer Zenith 5104 Sunglasses
Price: $ 289.95
TaylorMade R9 460 Driver
Price: $ 299.95
Bushnell PinPro
Price: $ 249.95
Loudmouth Golf Pants - Bushwood
Price: $ 89.95
Cleveland HiBore Bloom Ladies Driver with Free Fairway Wood
Price: $ 299.95
Never Compromise NCX Ray Putter
Price: $ 149.95
Scratch Golf JLM 1018 Forged Wedge
Price: $ 149.95
Cleveland Golf Overnight Bag
Price: $ 84.95
