The following text is extracted and transformed from the 4rx.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-12. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
4RX.com: Online Pharmacy - Privacy Policy
|
We recognize your right to confidentiality and are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information that we collect on our site to provide you with a superior shopping experience. And also to Inform you about products, services, and promotions whenever we feel it is necessary. We will not send any email with promotions or for marketing purposes. We will use customer's emails only for purchase related purposes. We always respect your Privacy and time.
When you place an order, we will ask you to set up "your account and Log-in Info," which includes your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date, as well as certain other information. Using your account information, we will only contact you in case we are not able to process your order or we have a problem with any of your information. We will not sell your information to anybody. You can always acess your account by log-in in our site and modify the information about you at any time you want.
Appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures are there in place to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Your personal information and credit card information is fully encrypted using SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet, We use SSL technology to prevent your information from being stolen or intercepted while being transferred to us. Your credit card information is always stored in encrypted form in a restricted-access database that is away from our Website database so it isn't connected to the Internet, to keep it safe from hackers.
Your privacy and credit card security is utmost important to us. The personal information we collect includes shipping and billing name and address, email address, phone number and credit card information. This information is used only to complete your order. We do not share your personal information with outside parties for marketing or for any other purpose.
Your privacy is very important to us. We assure you that, in accordance with our Privacy Policy, 4RX.COM, will not distribute our customer list to third parties.
We welcome your feedback. If you have questions or comments about our privacy policies, feel free to contact us.
---|---
