The following text is extracted and transformed from the curecos.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
To the Users of These Services - Privacy Policy - Cosplayers' Cure
Privacy Policy
Cure pays the utmost attention to the protection of privacy. Cure's Privacy Policy is as follows:
Scope of Application of the Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy shall apply as long as the user is making use of the Cure Service. Any personal information collected while users make use of the Cure Service shall be administered in accordance with the Privacy Policy. Cure's Privacy Policy shall not apply to any person or company, etc., beyond Cure's direct control
Collection and Use of Information
Users will be asked their name, mail address, date of birth, sex, postal code, occupation, line of business and personal interests, etc., when they register member IDs with Cure. They may also be asked more detailed personal information, depending on the kind of Service they intend to subscribe to. Such personal information requested by Cure is limited to that necessary to use the Cure Services. Upon logging on to the Cure Service after the registration of his or her ID, the user is not an unknown person to Cure to the effect that Cure can trace how the person is using the Service.
Cure will automatically receive information from the user's browser and record it to the server, which includes the user's IP address, cookie information and pages viewed. This information will be used by Cure mainly for the following purposes:
In order to provide this service.
In order to charge users who use the paid service.
As determining data for improvement of this service, additional of a new service or publication or delivery of advertisements considering users' age, gender and interests.
In order to prevent usage violating the terms of use of this service.
In order to gather statistical data of users' usage (In case of making such data, data shall be modified in order not to identify an individual).
Management of private information and Commision of management
Cure shall appropriately control, manage and keep safe private information of users. Cure may trustee private information received. In such case, Cure signs a necessary agreement with the fiduciary and direct that the fiduciary appropriately manage private information.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
Cure will not sell or share any personal information. In the following occasions, however, Cure may disclose personal information:
When there is an agreement with the user on the disclosure or sharing of information;
When the disclosure or sharing of information is admitted to be necessary in order to provide products and services based on the user's desires;
When officially requested by public authorities, such as the courts and police, in accordance with the law;
When the user's behavior on the Cure website is not consistent with these Terms of Use or guidelines and it is recognized as necessary to protect Cure's rights, properties or services, etc.;
When there is any imminent risk or danger to life, limb or property, etc. and also when there is an urgent need;
When Cure trustees a part of our services and provide necessary information in order to accomplish the commissioned business;
When Cure discloses statistic data, which collects or analyzes individual private information with the aim of proving the statistical information. The data is not processed in order to identify the user.
When Cure sets aside private information of users who use the pay service to commissioned companies such as payment system companies, credit card companies or bank with the aim of charging the service fee;
When Cure trustees the delivery to users.
Disclosure of private information
Cure shall disclose private information to the user's request. However Cure may not disclose all or a part of information in the following cases:
When this could harm life, physical health or property of the user;
When the disclosure damages our business operation significantly;
When doing so violates the law.
About Cookies
Cure may establish and access the cookies in users' computers. Companies that have the right to display their advertisements on Cure's website may also establish and access cookies in users' computers. In this case, the use of the cookies by the advertising providers will be made in accordance with the advertising providers' privacy policies. Advertising providers or any other company cannot access Cure's cookies.
Members can edit/delete their own account information and selections.
In principle, Cure allows any members to edit his or her own registered information and selections made at the time of registration at any time.
About Security
Members' registered information is protected by passwords in order to protect and secure their privacy.
About the Revision of This Privacy Policy
In the future, Cure may revise the Privacy Policy in whole or in part. In the case where any important changes are planned, it will be announced on the Cure website in an easily understandable form.
About Questions or Suggestions
Please contact here if you have any questions or opinions.
Go to top of page
