The following text is extracted and transformed from the localtiger.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy: Local Information, Tourism & City Guides - localtiger.com
This site (including the URLs localtiger.com, localtiger.co.uk, localtiger.co.za, localtiger.co.nz, localtiger.ca, localtiger.de and localtiger.ru and other URLs with "localtiger" in them owned by us) is the responsibility of LRR Technologies (Hyderabad) Private Limited. We want you to:
feel comfortable using our web sites
feel secure submitting information to us
contact us with your questions or concerns about privacy on this site
know that by using our sites you are consenting to the collection of certain data
WHAT INFORMATION IS, OR MAY BE, COLLECTED FROM YOU?
We may collect certain anonymous information in standard usage logs through our Web server, including computer-identification information obtained from "cookies", sent to your browser from a
web server and stored on your hard drive
an IP address, assigned to the computer which you use
the domain server through which you access our service
the type of computer you're using
the type of web browser you're using
We may collect the following personally identifiable information about you:
name
email address
ZIP/Postal code
demographic profile (like your age, gender, occupation, education and durables owned)
interests (such as news, sports, travel and so on)
financial information (like account or credit card numbers)
opinions of features on our website(s).
WHO COLLECTS THE INFORMATION?
We will collect anonymous traffic information from you when you visit our site.
We will collect personally identifiable information about you only as part of a voluntary registration process, on-line survey or contest.
Our advertisers may collect anonymous traffic information from their own assigned cookies to your browser.
The Site contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites.
We may make chat rooms, forums, instant messenger and message boards and other services available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use, and you should exercise caution when disclosing your personal information to anyone.
HOW'S THE INFORMATION USED?
We use personal information to:
help us provide personalized features
tailor our sites to your interest
get in touch with you when necessary
We use contact information internally to:
direct our efforts for product improvement
contact you as a survey respondent
notify you if you win any contest
send you promotional materials from our contest sponsors or advertisers
Generally, we use anonymous traffic information to:
remind us of who you are in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service from both an advertising and an editorial perspective
recognize your access privileges to our Web sites
track your entries in some of our promotions, sweepstakes and contests to indicate a player's progress through the promotion and to track entries, submissions, and status in prize drawings
make sure that you don't see the same ad repeatedly
help diagnose problems with our server
administer our Web sites
track your session so that we can understand better how people use our sites
WITH WHOM WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED?
We will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information to third parties unless:
we have your permission
special circumstances such as compliance with legal authorities require disclosure
We will not use your financial information for any purpose other than to complete a transaction with you. We share survey contact information with advertisers on an aggregate basis only.
WHAT CHOICES ARE AVAILABLE TO YOU REGARDING COLLECTION, USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF YOUR INFORMATION?
Supplying personally identifiable information is entirely voluntary. You are not required to register with us in order to use our sites. However, we offer some services only to visitors who do register.
Upon request, we will remove your personally identifiable information from our database, thereby canceling your registration. See contact information below.
If we plan to use your personally identifiable information for any commercial purposes, we will notify you at the time we collect that information and allow you to opt-out of having your information used for those purposes.
All sites that are customizable require that you accept cookies. You also must accept cookies to register as someone for access to some of our services. For information on how to set your browser to alert you to cookies, or to reject cookies, go to http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/.
WHAT SECURITY PROCEDURES ARE IN PLACE TO PROTECT INFORMATION FROM LOSS, MISUSE OR ALTERATION?
To protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, we have in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures. For example, our servers are accessible only to authorized personnel.
Although we will endeavor to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. By using this site, you agree that we will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
IN WHAT WAYS CAN THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING WORK?
We allow Google and other third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e. g. click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
HOW CAN YOU CORRECT INACCURACIES IN THE INFORMATION?
To correct or update any information you have provided, our sites give you the following options for changing:
Send an e-mail to webmaster at fullhyd dot com
POLICY UPDATES
We reserve the right to change or update these policies at any time upon reasonable notice, effective immediately upon posting to this site.
