The following text is extracted and transformed from the locusmag.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-01-16. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Locus Online: Privacy Policy
Locus Online has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of Locus Online.
Information Automatically Logged
Each time a visitor comes to the Locus Online website, our host servers, like most on the web, collect some basic technical information, including the visitor's domain name. This data is compiled automatically but is not analyzed or shared with others.
Personal Information
This website does not request any personal information or collect any information, either directly or by using cookies, that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted. Since we do not collect any personal information on this website, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
Information provided when you subscribe to Locus Magazine or order other material from Locus (whether via this website's Subscription/Order Form, by phone, by fax, or by mail), such as credit card information and e-mail addresses, is not compiled by us or shared with others. Our website uses a secure server for pages that request credit card information -- the Subscription/Order form and the CD ROM Index ordering form.
Locus Magazine does share its subscription mailing list with others. You may request, when you subscribe, to be removed from this list.
Advertisers
We have banner ads served onto our site by Gorilla Nation. These ads may contain cookies. Cookies received with banner ads are collected by Gorilla Nation, and Locus Online does not have access to this information. To visit Gorilla Nation's privacy statement, please click here http://www.gorillanation.com/privacy.htm.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Locus Online is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Affiliate Relationships
Locus Online is an associate of Amazon.com Books and of Amazon.co.uk. Locus Online earns a commission on products purchased from these websites by customers who link to them from our website. These websites may use cookies to identify you or track your order, but Locus Online does not have access to this information. Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk provide us with reports of products browsed, and purchased, by visitors linking from Locus Online , but products are not identified by customer, and the information in these reports is not shared with others.
Letters to the Editor
Letters sent to Locus Online , when posted, will include the writer's return e-mail address unless the writer requests us not to. Contact information, including e-mail addresses, is not compiled or shared with others.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, contact online@locusmag.com.
