The following text is extracted and transformed from the fastrapidleech.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-15. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - FastRapidleech
__Personal Information
When you register on our website you may be required to provide us with personal information such as your email, address and place of residence (collectively, your "Personal Information"). If you register using an external authentication provider, we will request from them the same Personal Information we would prompt you for you directly. We do not collect any Personal Information you do not provide us voluntarily by entering it on our website or using an external authentication provider. We will not use Personal Information you have provided to gather additional information about you.
__Billing Information
If you wish to purchase paid Services from us, you may be required to provide additional information such as a credit card number, billing address & CVC (collectively, your "Billing Information").
__Network Information
When you access our website or Services we may record your IP address or identifying route information (collectively, your "Network Information") as part of an automated security procedure.
__Analytic Information
We may collect anonymous aggregate information from your activity on our website and Services. Including information about your network, route, geographic location and software (collectively, the "Analytic Information").
__Error Reports
We generate anonymous error reports when you encounter errors while using our services. Under rare circumstances error reports may contain unexpected or private information, such information will be handled or destroyed in accordance with the rest of this document.
__Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Most web browsers allow some control over cookies through the browser settings. By using our website, you agree and consent to the use of cookies.
__Data and Information Submitted to Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data or personal information that may be submitted to, or collected by, third-party Payment gateway used by us or Our Resellers.Reseller websites and Payment Gateways are not owned or controlled by FastRapidLeech. You should independently evaluate the privacy policies of such third-party websites before submitting data or personal information to them.
