The following text is extracted and transformed from the fastprofitmethod.co privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-29. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy | Neustar
Highlights of the Neustar Privacy Policy
Updated: February 28, 2019
Neustar uses personal information to support data-driven decision-making and deliver personalized content without sacrificing personal privacy. These "Highlights" summarize Neustar's privacy practices. You can learn more by clicking on the links below, and by reviewing the Neustar Privacy Statement and Privacy Principles.
Our Commitment – Privacy by Design
We follow the Neustar Privacy Principles, including the principles of Privacy by Design, to design, build, and deliver products and services that respect your privacy.
Personal Information: Types & Sources
Neustar may collect, use, and disclose various types of information, including:
PII (Personally Identifiable Information)
CRM Data (Customer Relationship Management data)
Pseudonymous IDs including information linked to DIIs (Device Identifiable Data) such as Cookies, MAID (Mobile Advertising IDs), Statistical IDs, IP Addresses  and other third-party identifiers that do not, by themselves, identify a specific individual.
Attribute Data
Geolocation or Latitude/Longitude data that are or are rendered imprecise
Log Data, including Internet Log Data, Event Data, and Service Data
Neustar collects this information from a wide variety of sources, both on and offline, such as:
Publicly available data sources such as directory listings
Reputable providers of licensed data derived from public and non-public sources
Individuals, such as survey respondents, who affirmatively agree to the data uses
Our customers, who provide their CRM Data for our use in connection with our services
Information collected online via Pseudonymous IDs, including DIIs, Cookies, Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs, Statistical IDs, and other persistent third-party identifiers that do not, by themselves, identify a specific individual
Match Partners, Coverage Partners, Rotators, and Cookie Sync Partners
Log Data and other information created in the course of providing our products and services
Personal Information Collection, Use, and Disclosure
Read our full Neustar Privacy Statement to learn more about the Personal Information we collect and how we use it:
Data collected about Website Visitors
Data Processed to Provide Neustar Products and Services
Other Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Cookies, Advertising IDs and Other Technologies
We may use Cookies, Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs, Statistical IDs, Web Beacons, Pixel Tags, JavaScript, HTML5 Local Storage, or similar technologies, along with other information described in our Privacy Statement to enhance and personalize your experience on our sites and to manage and enable preferences, transactions and related uses of Neustar services and information. These technologies do not identify you to us unless you have voluntarily identified yourself on our websites. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive a warning message with each cookie. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, but some of the features on our site may not work if you do. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
To learn more about how we use these technologies, read our full Privacy Statement click here:
Website Cookies
Neustar Services Cookies
Mobile Advertising IDs
Web Beacons
Transparency and Choice; Privacy Choices
Cookies
Click here to opt out of the use of Cookies on Neustar websites
You can opt out of Neustar services Cookies by clicking on the Neustar Choice Portal link in the Privacy Choices page on our website. This will also permit you to opt-out of the use of Hashed eMail Addresses and Android Mobile Advertising IDs.
You can also opt out of the use of Neustar services Cookies by using the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Consumer Opt-Out tool, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) tool here, or the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) Opt-Out tool.
Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs
You can opt-out of our use of Mobile Advertising IDs or MAIDs set by Android devices via the Neustar Choice Portal link in the Privacy Choices page on our website. Because Apple does not disclose their IDFA to users, we are not able to establish a block based on an Apple MAID (IDFA) in our system. In addition:
Apple's iOS IDFA can be reset by the user at any time. Users can opt out of all remarketing by enabling a device setting called "Limit Ad Tracking" (LAT), which restricts advertisers from using the IDFA for behavioral advertising. You can learn how to limit ad tracking on your iOS device or to reset your IDFA here: IDFA Opt-Out.
Similar to IDFA for Apple devices, Android devices pass the Google Advertising ID, which provides the same type of device-specific, unique, resettable ID for advertising as Apple IDFA or IFA. You can learn more about how identifiers on mobile devices are used for advertising and receive instruction for how to opt out of mobile advertising on the Google Privacy & Terms webpage.
Hashed eMail Addresses
You can opt-out of our use of your Hashed Email Addresses in connection with Neustar services by clicking on the Neustar Choice Portal link in the Privacy Choices page on our website. We will retain your email address on an internal "block" list to prevent its further use in connection with Neustar services. Please note that opting out of Neustar's processing of your data does not mean you will block online advertising altogether or see fewer ads. It simply means that the ads that you see will not be personalized for you. Ads may be served because they relate to the website you are visiting or to your current search, or they may just be randomly placed.
Your choice to use any of our opt-out tools will not affect ads placed by any other organization.
Accountability
Neustar is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") and the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") and adheres to each organization's Codes and Principles. You can also learn more about online advertising in general on the NAI website, which provides background information on participating companies and permits you to opt-out of receiving tailored online advertising from some or all of its members. For information about the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising and to learn more about the Ad Choices icon, visit http://www.aboutads.info/ and http://youradchoices.com/.
We adhere to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance's ("EDAA") principles. You may learn more about our participation in the EDAA's program and online behavioral advertising at www.youronlinechoices.eu.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
Neustar and its subsidiaries, (i.e., Administrative Services, LLC, Aggregate Knowledge, LLC., Data Solutions Services, LLC, MarketShare Holdings, Inc., Neustar Information Services, Inc., Neustar, Inc., Registry Services, LLC, and Security Services, LLC, collectively "Neustar") participate in and have certified their compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. We are committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework's applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield Framework website. Information about Neustar's Privacy Shield certification is available on the Privacy Shield List.
Neustar is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Neustar is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Neustar commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Neustar at:
Neustar Privacy
21275 Ridgetop Circle
Sterling, VA 20166
Email: Privacy@team.neustar
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily or timely, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website here, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
European residents may also opt-out of our use of Cookies for online advertising at: www.youronlinechoices.eu
The Fine Print
Click here to read our full Privacy Statement and to learn more about our approach to children's privacy, data security, disclosures required by law or for other purposes, your rights under European data protection law, and your privacy rights under California law.
Our privacy practices and policies may be updated from time to time. We will post a notice regarding material changes on our web site.
Questions? Comments? Contact Us
Neustar Privacy
21275 Ridgetop Circle
Sterling, VA 20166
Email
Data Protection Officer:
Kevin Hughes
Neustar, Inc.
21275 Ridgetop Circle
Sterling, VA 20166
Email
EU Representative:
Neustar (UK) Limited/MarketShare Partners EMEA Ltd.
Attn: DPO
21 Palmer Street
London
SW1H 0AD
Email
