The following text is extracted and transformed from the gov.nl.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2017-04-30. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Disclaimer/Copyright/Privacy Statement | Government of Newfoundland and Labrador
Français
The following policies govern the operation and management of this website:
Disclaimer
Information on this website is provided as a public service by the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador. We cannot guarantee that all information is current or accurate. Users should verify the information before acting on it. Although we make every effort to ensure that all information is accurate and complete, we cannot guarantee its integrity.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms and conditions and constitutes the user's agreement to those terms and conditions. Information on this website is provided by government solely for the user's information and it is provided without warranty, guarantee, or responsibility of any kind, either express or implied. The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador and its employees will not be liable for any loss or damages of any nature, either direct or indirect, arising from use of the information provided on this website or information provided at any other site that can be accessed from this site.
Links from this site to other sites are presented as a convenience to users. The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador, does not accept any responsibility for the content, accuracy, reliability, or currency found on external sites.
Copyright
The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador is the owner of copyright in all information found on this Web site unless otherwise stated.
Where the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador is the owner of copyright in information on this website, government hereby grants permission for the information of this web site to be used by the public and non-government organizations. Persons and organizations using this information agree to indemnify and save harmless the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador against any claims or actions of any kind or manner resulting from its use.
The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador uses multi-media, i.e. graphics, audio and visual materials, on this website with permission of third party copyright holders. Reproduction of such materials is not permitted.
Introduction
The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador maintains this website to help you obtain information about its programs and services. The Provincial Government is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals and organizations who visit this website, in compliance with the Access to Information and Protection of Privacy Act, 2015 (ATIPPA, 2015).
A departmental website may have a different privacy statement, depending on the nature of its site. You should review a website's privacy statement each time you submit personal information.
Our web server automatically collects and saves a limited amount of information when you visit gov.nl.ca. This information includes:
Internet Protocol (IP) address (e.g. 123.45.67.890)
Browser type and version (e.g. Netscape 8.0, Explorer 7.0)
Page(s) visited
Date and Time of page(s) visited
Definition of personal information
Personal information means recorded information about an identifiable individual, including the individual's name, address or telephone number. ATIPPA, 2015 outlines several examples of personal information www.assembly.nl.ca/Legislation/sr/statutes/a01-2.htm
Collecting personal information
The only identifiable personal information collected by this website is information you give voluntarily (e.g. using a government online service or submitting a complaint, comment or feedback electronically). Government considers the personal information you provide through this website confidential. This information is collected in compliance with the ATIPPA, 2015 and will only be used by authorized staff to fulfill the purpose for which it was originally collected, or for a use consistent with that purpose unless you expressly consent otherwise This information is not disclosed to other public bodies or individuals except as authorized by ATIPPA, 2015.
If you choose not to use the Internet to provide personal information through this website, you may still be able to access government services by telephone, fax, mail, or in person. Not all options may be available in every situation.
Security
Government is obligated to protect your personal information by making reasonable security arrangements against such risks as unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure or disposal. Security measures are integrated into the design, implementation and daily operating practices as part of Government's ongoing commitment to protecting your personal information.
Links to other websites
This website may include links to websites operated by other public and/or private sector organizations. The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external websites.
Cookies
When you visit or browse a website, a small piece of data may be sent from the website and stored on your computer. You can adjust browser settings to deny cookies or to warn you when a web site is about to place a cookie on your hard drive.
The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador websites may use cookies in a limited capacity to collect anonymous information used towards enhancing your browsing experience.
Web Analytics
Gov.nl.ca uses a third-party tool called Google Analytics to help analyze the use of our websites. We use this data to help make our sites more useful for visitors. Third-party cookies may be used to anonymously collect information about your visits to gov.nl.ca. This information does not allow us or Google Analytics to identify individuals.
You can opt-out of analytics activity by setting your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent and to block analytics cookies if desired. Google also offers a free Google Analytics opt-out tool.
Please direct any questions regarding this privacy policy or ATIPPA, 2015 to the Access to Information and Protection of Privacy (ATIPP) Office.
If you have a complaint or concern about your personal information, please contact the relevant public body. If your complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction ATIPPA, 2015 provides a mechanism for independent review through the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner.
For more information:
Email : info@mail.gov.nl.ca
Regular Mail :
Communications and Public Engagement Branch, Executive Council
10th. Floor, East Block
Confederation Building
St. John's, NL
A1B 4J6
Attention: Doris Walsh
