The following text is extracted and transformed from the bunnings.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Bunnings Warehouse
Introduction
1.  Bunnings Group Limited and Bunnings Limited (Bunnings) are committed to protecting your privacy and personal information. We collect, hold, use and disclose personal information to assist us in carrying on our business, including to provide products and services to you. In this policy we explain how we collect your personal information, how we hold, use and disclose it and what controls you have over it and our use of it.
2. This policy is available on our websites at bunnings.com.au and bunnings.co.nz.
Collection of information
3.  Personal information is information that identifies you or from which you may reasonably be identified. The types of personal information that Bunnings may collect about you includes:
name, gender, date of birth and age;
identification information, including signature, driver’s licence number and student identification number;
contact details, including personal and business addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers;
details of a family member you register for an in-store event, competition or promotion, including name and age;
details about your purchases and orders from us and your product and services preferences;
vehicle number plate details;
employer or business details;
digital information, such as cookies, software versions used, device identifiers (like IP address), location data (where available and not disabled by the user), dates, times, file metadata, referring website, data entered, and user activity such as links clicked;
financial information, including bank and cheque account details and credit card details, and information about your credit history;
images from video surveillance and other cameras in our stores (including in car parks, pick up areas and store entrances); and
if you apply for employment with us, details regarding your employment history, educational qualifications and similar information.
4.  The main ways we collect personal information from you are:
if you purchase or order any product from us;
if you visit a Bunnings store or if you contact Bunnings, including to make an inquiry regarding our products and services, to make a complaint, to provide feedback, to seek a refund, or to attend an event;
if you are a supplier or service provider, in connection with the supply of products and services by your business to Bunnings;
if you access our website or digital applications, including by the use of cookies (which are small data files transferred onto devices when a website is accessed), which may track what you view on our website and also other websites that you visit;
if you hire equipment from our stores where we supply that equipment as agent for a third party, that third party may share your hire details with us;
if you arrange a service or quote using a booking service provided by a third party in connection with our business, those third parties may share your details with us;
if you interact with Bunnings via social networking services;
if you subscribe to any of our mailing lists or use any of our online applications;
if you participate in any competition that we conduct;
if you apply for a PowerPass account or any other type of credit account with Bunnings;
via our security cameras or other cameras installed in our stores (including in car parks, pick up areas and store entrances);
if you undertake any of Bunnings’ induction, safety or compliance processes;
if you engage, request or seek a quotation for a service from a third party that we use to provide a service to you; or
if you submit an employment application to us.
5.  We may also collect personal information about you from:
publicly available sources, including from Australian Government agencies such as the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, New Zealand Companies Office, internet search platforms and social media platforms;
any person authorised to act on your behalf or authorised to provide your personal information to Bunnings;
credit reporting bodies and other credit providers, if you apply for a PowerPass account or any other type of credit account with Bunnings;
any persons you nominate, if you submit an employment application to us; and
our related companies.
Use and disclosure of personal information
6.  We use and disclose your personal information in connection with carrying on our business, including to provide products and services to you.
7.  Bunnings may use your personal information:
to charge you for products and services we provide to you and to prepare invoices and sales records for such purchases;
to provide advice regarding our products and services to you (or arrange for others to do so at our request);
to deliver our products and services to you;
to consider feedback and complaints that you may make to us;
to provide refunds and exchanges;
to promote and advertise our products and services (including by including your feedback in our advertising) and to undertake competitions and events;
to undertake product recalls;
to monitor our sales of products and services and for quality control purposes, including undertaking customer surveys and analysis, or seeking feedback from customers;
to determine your product or service preferences and preferred store locations (for example, through the use of our PowerPass mobile application), or to direct you to your closest store when using our websites or mobile applications;
to undertake data processing, data analysis, market research or trend analysis;
in the case of our suppliers or service providers, to manage the provision of products and services to us;
to monitor customer traffic in our stores and identify high traffic areas or frequently visited locations in our stores;
to monitor the use of our websites or mobile applications, including web-based referral channels, data entered and user activity such as links clicked;
to assist us to develop and deliver new products and services;
to assess any application that you make to us for a PowerPass account or other credit account, of any nature;
to assist us in ensuring security, health and safety and customer protection in our stores (including car parks, pick up areas and store entrances);
to assist us, our service providers and related companies in investigating and preventing any potential, suspected or actual breaches of law or fraudulent activities;
to recruit our employees or engage contractors;
for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time the relevant personal information is collected; and
for purposes directly related to any of the above.
8.  We work with a number of third parties in carrying on our business and may disclose your personal information to:
third parties to facilitate the provision of products and services to you (including to facilitate repairs and customer recalls), such as to product manufacturers and suppliers, couriers and installers;
third parties, if you hire equipment from us which we supply as an agent for that third party;
marketing, advertising and promotions services providers and event organisers in connection with Bunnings’ marketing, advertising and events;
third parties who provide services to Bunnings in connection with our business operations, undertaking data monitoring or data analysis activities, monitoring trends in customer preferences or transactions and the operation and maintenance of our website, as well as our online services or online applications;
credit reporting agencies and other credit providers, to assist in assessing any application that you make to us for a PowerPass account or other credit account, of any nature;
third parties who provide other administrative and operational services to Bunnings in connection with our business, including for example financial institutions, security services providers, market research or feedback collection companies, IT service providers, payment processers and collectors, mailing houses and card manufacturers;
Bunnings’ professional advisers, where required to enable any such adviser to provide services to Bunnings;
third parties necessary to assist us in investigating and preventing any potential, suspected or actual breaches of law or fraudulent activities
law enforcement agencies, government agencies or other third parties, where required under or authorised by law (for example, to comply with a subpoena, a warrant or other order of a court or legal process);
other persons disclosed to you at the time the relevant personal information is collected; and
related companies of Bunnings
Transfer of information overseas
9. Some of our service providers may be located overseas or may store information (including your personal information) that we provide to them overseas.We may also provide your personal information to related companies of Bunnings that are located overseas.Therefore the personal information you provide to us may be held overseas.The jurisdictions in which the personal information you provide to us may be held include Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
10. Personal information you disclose to us will only be held or processed overseas in accordance with all applicable law.
Anonymity
11.  You have the option of dealing with Bunnings anonymously or by using a pseudonym.However, if you deal with us in this manner, we may not be able to provide all of our products and services to you or interact with you in other ways set out in this policy.For example, we will not be able to deliver products to you if you do not provide us with address details for the delivery.
**Marketing, advertising and customer insights  **
12. As part of Bunnings’ functions and business activities and to promote the services we can provide to you, Bunnings may use and disclose to third parties personal information that you have provided to us for the purposes of advertising (including online behavioural advertising) and direct marketing. We may engage third parties to assist us in ensuring that the marketing and advertising we provide is of interest to you. Direct marketing includes, but is not limited to, Bunnings or third parties sending to you and/or contacting you directly in relation to promotions and information about Bunnings’ products and services. Generally, we will provide direct marketing to you where you have requested or consented to receiving such information. You can opt out of receiving direct marketing communications by using the opt out link or details provided in the direct marketing communication or sending an email to Bunnings’ Privacy Officer at privacy@bunnings.com.au.
13. The th __ird parties we engage to assist us in marketing and advertising may use cookies (that is, small data files transferred onto devices when a website is accessed) and other technologies to obtain information about your preferences when you access online platforms or websites other than the Bunnings’ website. Your preferences collected in this manner may be disclosed to us.
14. We may collect, use or disclose information about you in order to combine the information that we hold about you with information about you collected from or held by other trusted partners or from public sources. We may do this to enable us to derive insights about you. This includes being able to better understand your preferences and interests, personalise your experience, enhance the products and services you receive, and to tell you about products and services that may be of interest to you. We may also use trusted service providers to undertake the process of creating these consumer insights. If you don't want us to develop and use these insights about you, please contact us at privacy@bunnings.com.au.
*Security and storage*
15. Bunnings will take reasonable steps to protect the security of your personal information that we hold, including both paper and electronic records.We have security measures in place to attempt to reasonably protect personal information under our control from misuse, interference, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.For example, Bunnings seeks to ensure that personal information in paper form is held securely and personal information held electronically by or for Bunnings is held on secured servers in controlled facilities.
16. No data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be secure.As a result, Bunnings cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information transmitted by you to Bunnings over the internet.
*Use and disclosure of personal information*
17.  You have the right under applicable Australian or New Zealand privacy legislation to request access to, and correction of, personal information about you held by Bunnings, at no cost to you.Requests should be made as set out under the heading “How to contact Bunnings” below.
18.  Bunnings may require you to verify your identity at the time you request access to, or correction of, your personal information so that we can ensure your personal information is disclosed only to you.
19.  Bunnings will respond to any requests for access or correction within a reasonable time, but in any event by no later than 30 days after the date you make the request.
20.  If Bunnings refuses to provide you with access to the personal information held about you, or if Bunnings refuses to correct that information, we will provide reasons for such refusal.If you object to the refusal, you may make a complaint in the manner indicated under the heading “Questions and complaints” below.
Questions and complaints
21.  If you have a question or complaint about this policy, Bunnings’ collection of your personal information or the way in which Bunnings deals with your personal information, this should be directed to Bunnings’ Privacy Officer using the contact details set out under the heading “How to contact Bunnings” below.
22. We will promptly investigate any complaint you make to us and attempt to resolve that complaint.If you are not satisfied with Bunnings’ proposed resolution of your complaint, or if we do not respond to you within 30 days of the date you make the complaint, then you may, if you are in Australia, contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner or, if you are in New Zealand, the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner to resolve that complaint:
Australia:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Website: www.oaic.gov.au
Phone:  1300 363 992
New Zealand:
New Zealand Privacy Commissioner
www.privacy.org.nz
Phone:  0800 803 909
Accessing links
23. Bunnings’ website may contain links to other websites.If you access any third party website from Bunnings’ website, personal information about you may be collected by that third party website.Bunnings is not responsible for ensuring the protection of any of your information collected from any such third party website.Bunnings encourages you to be aware of when you leave our website and to read the privacy policies for every third party website that you access.
How to contact Bunnings
24.  You can contact us in writing or by email as set out below:
Bunnings’ Privacy Officer
16-18 Cato St,
HAWTHORN EAST  VIC  3123
AUSTRALIA
Email: privacy@bunnings.com.au
**Changes to this policy
25. Bunnings may update this policy from time to time. We may let you know of significant changes to this policy by posting a notification on our website.  The current version of this policy will always be available on our website.
