The following text is extracted and transformed from the janbrett.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement for www.janbrett.com
Jan Brett has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate a firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.janbrett.com.
No information or email or postal addresses are shared with any other person, Internet site, or organization.
This site contains links to other sites. www.janbrett.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.  No information gathered on www.janbrett.com is shared with any of these sites.
Newsletter and note to Parents ****
We offer a free online newsletter on our site in which we ask visitors for their email address and we run contests in which we ask visitors for their school addresses. The visitor's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.   No information gathered on www.janbrett.com is shared with any other person, group, or organization.
Our site provides parents the following option for removing their children's information from our database to not receive future communications.
You can send email to  errors@janbrett.com
Children's Guidelines
We do NOT request personally identifiable offline home contact information (home postal addresses).
We do NOT distribute to third parties anyone's email address or any other information.
We do NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, a child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us .   This site gives users the following option for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications.
You can send email to errors@janbrett.com
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following option for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Email errors@janbrett.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact   Jan Brett Post Office Box 366 Norwell, Ma. 02061   errors@janbrett.com
Home Page
