The following text is extracted and transformed from the directsellingnews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Direct Selling News
Purpose
Direct Selling News  serves executives in the direct selling industry and is designed to help top decision makers grow and manage their businesses.
What Information is Collected?
Our Web site automatically gathers certain usage information of customers and visitors to the site, including frequency of users, which assists our company in improving its site and service offerings. This Web site does not collect personally identifiable information nor combine information that may result in identifiable characteristics such as your screen name or e-mail address.
Direct Selling News  may from time to time, request specific information when you inquire about a service offering. This may include your name, Internet address, mailing address, and/or phone number in order to provide that service to you.  Direct Selling News  may also use that information to let you know of additional products and services about which you might be interested. You can choose not to receive such information by informing our company at the time of your inquiry.  Direct Selling News  may also request information about your interests or other areas, yet supplying such information is not mandatory.
Direct Selling News  does not use or disclose information about users or visitors that you may provide, including your name, address, email address or telephone number, to any outside companies.
Consent to Use Information
By utilizing this Web site each user consents to the collection and use of the information that the user provides to  Direct Selling News.
Right to Change This Policy
Direct Selling News  reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy. Should  Direct Selling News modify its privacy policy, such changes will be posted at this location. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this site. Frequent visitation of this page is highly suggested.
Attention, Kids!
If you are younger than 13 you may not give any information about yourself on this Web site. Do not enter your name, e-mail address, telephone number or any other information that might help identify you or your family.
Internet Transmission
Unfortunately, no data transmission (whether an e-mail, survey response or other transmission) over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Information you send via the Internet could be viewed in transit by a third party.  Direct Selling News  will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during transmission. Once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to secure it on our systems. However, we cannot guarantee that this information will be absolutely safe from intrusion from others, such as hackers.
If you have concerns or questions about this statement or about  Direct Selling News ‘s online privacy practices, you should contact  Direct Selling News  at info@directsellingnews.com.
