The following text is extracted and transformed from the featurepics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
FeaturePics Privacy Policy.
We value your business and respect your privacy. This is our Contract with you when you submit information online:
We will never rent, sell or share information that personally identifies you for marketing purposes
Your participation is completely voluntary. You can update your account information whenever you desire
We continue to implement new technologies and improve the services and features we provide. For that reason, we encourage you to review the privacy policy periodically, because this policy is subject to change without prior notice. By using our Web site, you agree to the terms of the privacy policy, so if you see something you don't like, let us know.
Information that we gather
1. Online Ordering Information
Email Logon: This is your unique identification to logon.
We will send you an e-mail confirming your registration on our site, and in the event you forget your password, we will send it to your e-mail address at your request.
Billing address: Your billing address is required to submit for credit card verification
Credit Card Details: We don't keep credit card numbers in our system;
PayPal payment: We don't keep payment paypal addresses in our system;
2. Registration for Artists:
Registration is optional, you don't need to register to browse. However if you browse our site, and decide to upload images, download images, leave messages or requests, you must be a registered member.
Email Logon: This is your unique identification to logon.
We will send you an e-mail confirming your registration on our site, and in the event you forget your password, we will send it to your e-mail address at your request.
Occasionally, we will send notification e-mails (for example: your images have been requested, or you have email requests from buyers etc.). You can opt-out of this option if you don't want to receive FeaturePics notifications when you edit your account preferences.
First Name/Last Name: We require your first and last names to help us differentiate your registration profile from others at www.FeaturePics.com.
Phone (with area code): We don't require a phone number. However, if you chose to provide it we may call you and ask for additional information on behalf of our qualified buyers. Again, here the privacy policy is strictly enforced.
Mailing Address: We require a mailing address in order to send you checks, 1099 forms, invoices, and any other information that we feel you may need. There will be no advertisements mailed to you.
Use of cookie technology
You must enable cookies on your web browser for FeaturePics.com to function correctly. Only Session cookies are required. We don't collect personal information. Our cookies cannot read data from your computer, nor do we do any form of tracking.
Identifiable information from children under the age of 13
To comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, at this time, FeaturePics will only be available to users who are at least 13 years of age or older. If you are under 13, please do not use the FeaturePics service. Please do not allow children under the age of 13 to provide any personally identifiable information to our Web site. If we determine that a child under 13 has provided personal information in violation of this policy, we will delete that information as soon as possible.
