The following text is extracted and transformed from the orcon.net.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2019-01-21. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Orcon
Customer portals & logins
Log in
Log in to your broadband, webmail or mobile account.
The following provides a summary of how we hold and use your information:
Visitors to our website
If you are just visiting the website, then we collect and store the following information about your visit:
The operating system and the browser your computer uses, and any search engine you are using
The date and time you are visiting
The URLs of the pages you visit
Your email address if you provide it.
We may use that information for the following purposes:
Measuring the number of visitors to different parts of the site
Measuring the effectiveness of our advertising
Publishing aggregated information about usage patterns
Sending you electronic communications
If we think it is necessary, we can disclose information to relevant law enforcement authorities, such as the Police or the Department of Internal Affairs, in accordance with the appropriate sections of the Privacy Act and as noted below:
Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information such as your email address, for example by filling out an electronic query or order form or something similar, we will use the information only for authorised purposes listed below. Personal information will be stored and used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can read our Terms and Conditions online. You have the right under the Privacy Act 1993 to access any personal information held about you and to request correction of the Orcon database if any information is incorrect or requires updating. You can do this by sending us an email.
We may use your information for the following purposes:
The purposes listed above in relation to visitors to the website;
Processing your orders or applications;
Providing you with products or services requested;
Registering your details and offering you discounts or benefits and fulfilling any requests you may have in respect of any loyalty or reward programmes or anything similar;
Billing you;
Debt recovery;
Settling accounts with those who provide related services to us;
Dealing with requests, enquiries or complaints and other customer care related activities; and any other general administrative purposes;
Carrying out credit checking and scoring
Contacting you about our products and the products and services of selected third parties which we believe you may be interested in (unless you ask us not to) and other forms of electronic marketing;
Carrying out any activity in connection with a legal, government or regulatory requirement or use in connection with legal proceedings, crime or fraud prevention, detection or prosecution;
Sharing your information with other networks or public sector agencies for the purpose of monitoring and investigating fraud and other offences.
Orcon customers
If you do provide us with personal information as described above, we may link this information to your Orcon customer profile. We may also use this information to improve the website for different customer profiles. If you are a Orcon customer, the Standard Terms and Conditions will also apply.
Changing this policy
We may change this policy at any time by changing or removing existing terms or adding new ones. Changes may take the form of a completely new policy. We will tell you about any changes by posting an updated policy on our website. Any changes will apply from the date we post them on the website.
