The following text is extracted and transformed from the crookedbrains.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy-and-Cookie-Policy - crookedbrainsnet
Privacy and Cookie Policy for http://www.crookedbrains.net:
The privacy of our visitors to http://www.crookedbrains.net/ is important to us. At http://www.crookedbrains.net/, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit http://www.crookedbrains.net/, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files:
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons:
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on http://www.crookedbrains.net/ to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies:
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ("interest based targeting"). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses "non personally identifiable information". It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.
With this browser plugin you can permanently opt out of the DoubleClick cookie - Save your opt-out preference permanently.
You can opt out of interest-based ads by Google through Ads Settings - Opt out.
Learn about Google's privacy practices, how Google uses data on partner sites or apps, and how Google uses cookies.
We also use third party advertisements on http://www.crookedbrains.net/ to support our site from Technorati Media. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies. Learn more about Technorati Media's Privacy Policy.
You can opt-out from targeted advertising using NAI opt-out tool .
We also sometimes embed video content from websites such as YouTube, Vimeo, and Kickstarter. These embedded content may present cookies from these sites. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies. For further details see their respective privacy policies:
YouTube.
Vimeo.
Kickstarter.
We also have "share" buttons on our site; these enable you to easily share content with your friends through a number of popular social networks. When you use one of the share buttons on the site, a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies. Presently our site uses Google +1, Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. For further details see their respective privacy policies:
Google +1.
Facebook.
Twitter.
Pinterest.
We also use Google Analytics service offered by Google and Histats that generates detailed statistics about the visitors to a site. These cookies are used to store details as how long a visitor spends on a site, where they come from and more. For further details see their respective privacy policies:
Google Analytics.
Histats.
You can choose to opt out from these trackings:
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
Histats
Users can set their browsers to accept or reject all, or certain, cookies.
Manage cookies in Internet Explorer.
Manage cookies in Firefox.
Manage cookies in Chrome.
Manage cookies in Opera.
Manage cookies in Mobile browsers:
Android - Changing Browser settings.
Windows phone - Change privacy and other browser settings.
Blackberry - Turn off cookies in the browser.
Safari iOS - Web settings.
And for more about managing cookies on your mobile phone please consult your manual or handbook.
Useful information about cookies can be found at aboutcookies.org.
The website is powered by Google’s Blogger and uses Google Search Box.
Learn about Google's privacy practices, how Google uses data on partner sites or apps, and how Google uses cookies.
The sites contain links to other sites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, at our discretion.
