The following text is extracted and transformed from the offbeatr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - offbeatr
Effective Date: March 15, 2012
Welcome to OffBeatr. This is our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), which we have created to inform you of the types of information that we collect from you. We have also created this Privacy Policy to inform you of how we use that information because we believe in transparency and value your privacy.
We may change or discontinue this Privacy Policy at any time, and we reserve the right to do so. If we change this Privacy Policy, we will also change the Effective Date, which is located above. If you continue to use the Website after we change the Effective Date, you agree to our change to the Privacy Policy.
What do you collect from me?
We may collect the following personal information from you:
Any information that you voluntarily submit to the Website;
Your user name, name, email address, phone number, state, city, or zip code;
Your email address;
Your bank account information, which is used to complete a transaction;
Your federal tax id or social security number, which is used for tax purposes;
Proof of a government photo identification card;
Biographical information;
Links to other websites that you own; and
Links to your social networking profile.
We may also collect the following personally identifiable information from you:
Your IP address;
Your geolocation;
Your use of the Website;
Information stored in cookies, pixel tags, or web beacons; and
Any other additional analytics data that you voluntarily submit to the Website.
How do you use this information?
We use this personal and personally identifiable information to:
Provide you with the Website and its services;
To communicate with you;
To troubleshoot problems with the Website;
To complete a transaction that you have initiated;
To update you on changes to the Website; and
To update you on our services or the services of third parties.
How do you store this information?
OffBeatr stores and processes your personal and personally identifiable information on computers located within the United States. By using the Website, you agree to the collection and processing of your personal and personally identifiable information in the United States.
We use commercially standard technology to help protect against the unauthorized disclosure of your personal and personally identifiable information, including encryption. Though we do our best to protect your personal and personally identifiable information, you provide all such information at your own risk.
Do you share my information with third parties?
OffBeatr will only share your personal or personally identifiable information with third parties in the following situations:
Where OffBeatr has obtained your consent;
Where it is necessary to provide you with services initiated at your request;
Where it is necessary to share such information with OffBeatr's parents, subsidiaries, successors, and assigns;
Where OffBeatr has been purchased by or has purchased a third party;
Where it is needed to respond to information requests by government authorities;
Where it is demanded by a court order or subpoena;
Where it is needed to protect the employees, independent contractors, users, members, officers, directors, or shareholders of OffBeatr; and
Where it is needed to help prevent against fraud or the violation of any applicable law, statute, regulation, ordinance, or treaty.
Any personal or personally identifiable information that you include within your Website profile or Project may also be displayed to third parties. You are advised to review that information before you submit it to the Website.
What can I do to stop the collection of my personal or personally identifiable information?
You can cease OffBeatr's collection of your personal and personally identifiable information by taking the following steps:
By adjusting your web browser settings to block or limit cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons;
By deleting your Account through the Account control panel; or
By ceasing your use of the Website.
What are my duties when using the Website?
You have the duty to:
Inform Offbeatr of any changes to your personal or personally identifiable information; and
Protect the security of your username, password, and personal or personally identifiable information.
Your California Privacy Rights
California residents have the right to receive information that identifies any third party companies or individuals that OffBeatr has shared your personal or personally identifiable information with in the previous calendar year, as well as a description of the categories of personal or personally identifiable information disclosed to that third party. You may obtain this information once a year and free of charge by contacting OffBeatr at info@offbeatr.com.
How can I contact you if I have questions?
All questions and concerns regarding this Privacy Policy may be directed to OffBeatr by emailing info@offbeatr.com.
