The following text is extracted and transformed from the liveninja.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
liveninja-messenger-privacy-policy - LiveNinja
LIVENINJA
PRIVACY POLICY
LiveNinja is a real-time, online communication and software application, whether available on a mobile platform or as a web application, (together the “App”). Please review this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service (“ToS”) before accessing our App, registering an account (“Account”) or utilizing the associated Services, so that you are aware of your legal rights and obligations with respect to the App or Meetoou Inc. and any of its affiliates, parents and subsidiaries (individually and collectively, “we,” “us,” “our” or “MTU”).
In the event that you sign up, register or open an account as a merchant, service provider or brand (“Brand”), in addition to this Privacy Policy, you are also bound by and responsible for the Privacy Policy applicable to all Brands. Please review such agreement available at http://liveninja.com/liveninja-messenger-brand-privacy-policy/.
What is a Privacy Policy? This Privacy Policy explains the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information anytime you use the App. It explains our what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information and how we safeguard your personal information.
Any Age Restrictions? To use our App you must either be at least 18 years old or have your parents or guardian’s permission. In any case, you must be over the age of 13. If you are 13 years of age or under, you are not allowed to use our App.
App Description : The App **** enables you, the customer (“Customer”), to communicate with and share information with merchants, brands and service providers of your choice (“Brands”) using an embedded, real time communication application. All features and capabilities offered by the App, such as Account registration and relationship management, shall individually and collectively be referred to as “Services”.
What information does the App collect?   Please read below how the App and our Services collect information. **** If you do not agree with any practice described below, please do not submit or share any of your personally identifiable information (“PII”). PII refers to any information, which alone or together can identify you personally. This may include information such as your name, email address, mailing address or telephone number.
Account Registration. Account Registration begins immediately when you first start utilizing the App. The App collects basic contact information from you, which in turn become the basic Registration Data for the App.
Brands: The App provides you with some controls over who receives information you provide us. * By default, the App * does not share your information with Brands. To share any information, you need to enable such sharing on your account profile. Be aware that Brands have access to any information you voluntarily provide them during any communication session you have with them. Our App provides Brands with the ability to download or export data you share with them during conversations. Any such data downloaded by Brands is controlled and directed by the Brands. MTU has no control over any data downloaded or exported by Brands.
MTU: Because registration is required to use the App, there is no way to prevent us from receiving your information.
We collect information you provide or submit as part of your Account registration;
We collect information you send to us directly;
We collect information and messages you send or post through our accounts on third party social networks (such as Facebook, YouTube or Twitter);
We collect information regarding your usage of the App including your IP addresses and the frequency and size of data transfers; and
We record communications between you and the Brands and any other information that you voluntarily disclose on the App.
Other Information. We collect information you submit to any of our public forums, such question/answer forums and blog comments. Our servers may retain copies of email or instant message communication sent to us.
Surveys & Newsletters.  We may now or in the future send or run surveys or provide newsletters to our users. At such time we may request certain PII such as name, email address and demographic information (such as zip code, age, or income level).
Click-Through URLs. In some of our email we may use a “click-through URL”. When users click one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at a destination webpage. We may track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our communications.
How do we use the information you provide us?   Please read below how we may use the information we collect as described above.
We use information collected to provide you with the various services and App features. We collect information to maintain an Account in your name from which you can initiate and resume communications with the Brands.
Unless you specifically enable information sharing on your Account, we will not share you information with the Brands.
We may share information collected with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as communications with Brands, e-mail origination, support services, customer relationship management services and order fulfillment.
Unless you opt-out, we may use your e-mail or other information to send commercial or marketing messages without your further consent.  Be advised that we use your e-mail address and other contact information provided by you to contact you regarding your Account.
We may also use your e-mail address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the App or customer service purposes).
We use both your PII and certain non-PII (such as anonymous user data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, click stream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the App and to create new features, promotions, functionality and services by storing, tracking, analyzing and processing user preferences and trends, as well as user activity and communications.
We use information collected during submission of surveys and signups for newsletters to send both the information requested and additional information about our company, App or Services. Further, the information collected, including any demographics, is used to learn more about the types of people who use our App and improve our Services.
Brands who deploy our App on their websites are third parties unrelated to MTU. Any information you directly communicate to the Brands may be collected by them. We have no control over such information. We encourage you to read privacy policies of the Brands as posted on their websites to understand how they use your information.
Your information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets of MTU or a bankruptcy.
We may also disclose your information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, to cooperate with law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of MTU or other users or Brands.
Except as provided herein, we will not sell or rent your information to anyone else.
How do we protect your information?   We implement a variety of security measures to ensure the security of your information on our systems. All information is stored on secure server and is encrypted. Please be aware that emails or other messages you send to us are not necessarily secure against interception and you should not include sensitive information in those messages.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Third parties may unlawfully attempt to intercept or access transmissions or private communications.  Although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Individuals under 13 years of age. Pursuant to the provisions of the 1998 Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), our policy is to refuse individuals 13 years of age or under to use the App.  We therefore do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals 13 years of age or under.
Does MTU Use Cookies? We use “cookies” (small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device) to make the App easier to use and to protect both you and the App. We also use cookies to record your preferences, record session information, customize content and alert you to new items of interest. We may store your email address to recognize you every time you return to the App.
How Long Do We Keep your Information?
Our promotional emails provide opt-out mechanisms.
Your contact information may be maintained by us for marketing and promotional purposes until you opt-out.
Any other information is kept for as long as we need such information, or anticipate the need for such information, to enable our Services
Changes to this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post any changes through links on the App and our website. Be sure to review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you are aware of any changes to them.  Please remember that your continued use of the App and maintenance of an Account after changes or revisions have been made constitute your acceptance of such updates.
Contact. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Meetoou LLC. aka LiveNinja
120 NW 25th Street
Loft 301
Miami, FL 33127
support@liveninja.com
