The following text is extracted and transformed from the jump-in.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
About
Personal InformationAdditional Details
When you register for certain services offered on the Ninemsn Network we will ask you to provide personal information.
The information we collect may be combined with information obtained from other companies, including Microsoft.
We use cookies and other technologies to keep track of your interactions with our sites and services to offer a personalised experience.
Your ChoicesAdditional Details
You can stop the delivery of promotional e-mails from Ninemsn by following the instructions in the e-mail you receive.
You can subscribe or unsubscribe to ninemsn newsletter alerts (News Alerts, Entertainment Alerts, Trending Alerts and Must See Video Alerts) by sending an email to newsletters@ninemsn.com.au
To opt-out of the display of personalised advertisements, go to the Display of Advertising section of the full Privacy Statement.
Uses of InformationAdditional Details
We use the information we collect to provide the services you request. Our services may include the display of personalised content and advertising.
We use your information to send you updates on new services, offers from our partners, newsletters which you have subscribed to and new competitions.
In order to help provide our services we occasionally provide information to other companies who work on our behalf.
We may provide the information we collect to Ninemsn's Related Bodies Corporate (such as Nine Entertainment Co. and Nine Network Australia Pty Ltd).
Important InformationAdditional Details
A member of the Nine Entertainment Co. family, Mi9 sits within the Mi9 group of companies. Information you provide through utilising Microsoft Products that you access through the Ninemsn Network may be collected and used both by Ninemsn (an Mi9 company) (in which case this Privacy Policy will govern our collection and use of your personal information) and Microsoft Corporation and its affiliates (in which case the MSN Privacy Statement will govern).
How to Contact UsFor more information about our privacy practices, go to the full  Ninemsn Privacy Statement or send an email to the Ninemsn Privacy Officer.
If you have a technical or general support question regarding Microsoft products or service, please visit Microsoft Support to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings.
If you suspect your Outlook.com/Windows Live account has been hacked or taken over, please visit Live Help.
If you have an Outlook.com/Windows Live password question, please visit Live Help.
