The following text is extracted and transformed from the honolulu.gov privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-13. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting the  City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii  Web portal and reviewing our privacy policy. Because City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii values its visitors, we only collect the minimum amount of information necessary to serve our customers. City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii will collect no personal information about you when you visit its Web portal unless you voluntarily choose to provide that information by entering information in an online form, sending an e-mail, registering for an City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii subscription, or by performing an online service transaction using an assigned user ID, password, credit card or electronic check.
Data Collection
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal to read Web pages or download information, City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii will automatically gather and store certain information about your visit. Your Web browser software transmits most of this information to us; however, this information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The numeric IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal. City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii's software can then map these IP addresses into Internet domain names, for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain;
The type of browser and operating system used to access the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal;
The date and time you access the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal;
The pages you visit, including graphics loaded from each page and other documents you download, such as PDF (Portable Document Format) files and word processing documents; and
If you were referred to the City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii Web portal from another Web site, City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii captures the address of the referring Web site.
City and County of Honolulu, Hawaii uses this information to make the Web portal more useful to visitors--to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology visitors use. We do not use information to track or record information about individuals and their visits.
