The following text is extracted and transformed from the rasqal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy Rasqal's Savings & Daily Deals
1. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you of what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit Rasqal.com, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. Please note that this policy applies only to Rasqal.com and not to other companies’ or organizations’ websites to which we link.
2. Providing personal information to Rasqal is voluntary. We collect and use personal information about you to respond to your request for products and services offered through our websites. You will always have the option to remove yourself once you have signed up by contacting us at support@rasqal.com.
Promotions And Coupons
If opting into a promotion or coupon, your information (email and name in most cases) may be used for the purpose of informing you of your status.
We utilise “cookies” which enable us to monitor traffic patterns and to serve you more efficiently if you revisit the site. It is possible to enable your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This will provide you with an opportunity to accept or reject the cookie in each instance.
6. We will not sell or otherwise provide your personal information to a third party, or make any other use of your personal information other than as follows:
(i) in an aggregated form that does not directly identify you;
(ii) with your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies;
(iii) with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us;
(iv) to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
(v) to protect the rights and property of Rasqal our agents, customers, community members, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use;
(vi) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of Rasqal employees, its customers, or any person; or
(vii) in connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third party vendors, including Google, show Rasqal ads on sites on the internet.
We may transfer non-personally identifiable search information to third parties for the purpose of presenting visitors or members with targeted advertisements by utilizing cookies and pixel tags. Any visitor or member may contact us for information on how to opt out at any time. Learn more and/or opt-out of this service by visiting www.aboutads.info or http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
8. You may request that we do not use your personal information or that we only use your personal information in certain ways.
9. If we believe we have the legal requirement to do so, we will preserve the content of any email you send us.
10. We may monitor your e-mail messages to us for troubleshooting or maintenance purposes or if we reasonably believe e-mail abuse may be occurring.
11. We may collect personal information for analysis. In such circumstances we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that individuals remain anonymous.
13. We use reasonable efforts to protect personal information which we collect (including your contact details and, if relevant, credit card details). You will appreciate, however, that we cannot guarantee the security of transmission.
14. You are entitled to have access to any personal information relating to you which you have previously supplied to us over this website. You are entitled to edit or delete such information unless we are required by law to retain it.
15. You must be at least 13 years old to have our permission to use this site. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors under 13 years of age.
16. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted here. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date below. If you have any queries or questions about our privacy policy, please contact Rasqal.com at support@rasqal.com
Effective Date: July 1, 2011
Last Updated: December 8, 2011
