The following text is extracted and transformed from the famousscientists.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-20. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
At Famous Scientists , your privacy is our top priority. This page describes the types of personal information received and collected by Famous Scientists and how we use it.
Personal Information
Famous Scientists does not need any information which can be traced back to and identify a unique user. Certain features of the website, for instance comments, do require a valid email address to verify legitimate users. The information provided to us will never be shared with third-parties.
Log Files
Like many other websites, Famous Scientists makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the website, track user’s movement around the website, and gather demographic information. None of the data recorded is linked to information that could personally identify a unique individual.
Cookies and Web Beacons
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Famous Scientists. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visits to websites. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at this URL (https://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).
Advertisers
Third-party ad servers or ad networks, like Google Adsense, may use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Famous Scientists send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by Google to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Famous Scientists has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult Google’s privacy policy for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, other advertisers or websites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Copyrights
Famous Scientists ensures that there are no copyright infringements on our website. If you find anything that could be considered a violation of the copyright norms, please contact us immediately.
