The following text is extracted and transformed from the famousdaves.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-12. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Famous Dave's Internet Privacy Policy
Famous Dave’s respects the privacy of our guests.  This policy provides information about how we collect and use information on-line.
Types of Information We Collect
When voluntarily submitted through a form, e-mail, or online ordering, Famous Dave’s will collect your personal information such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, birth date, and billing information.  This information will be used to process your orders for gift cards, send e-mail birthday wishes and news (through our P.I.G. Club), respond to feedback, or respond to franchising or hiring or other general inquiries.  With the exception of affiliates and Famous Dave’s franchisees, Famous Dave’s does not sell or share your information to third parties without your permission.
Cookies
Famous Dave’s may also use cookies to record session information, such as items added to the shopping cart.
In addition to voluntarily submitted information, we also use tracking information that is not personally identifiable in order to improve our website.  This is information such as most-visited web pages, referring page, browser type, or length of visit.
Linked Websites
Famous Dave’s website may include links to other websites.  These may include websites such as www.famousbbq.com to order sauces and more, or www.amazon.com to order the Famous Dave’s Backroads & Sidestreets Cookbook.  These sites are not owned nor are they operated by Famous Dave’s and you should check those sites for their Privacy Policy which may differ from Famous Dave’s.
Changes to Our Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2007.  Famous Dave’s reserves the right to change this policy at any time.  Any changes to this policy will be posted to this web page and will be effective from that date forward.
Guest Relations
If you have questions or concerns about our Internet Privacy Policy, please contact Guest Relations.
