The following text is extracted and transformed from the brandeis.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement | About | Brandeis University
Brandeis University is committed to protecting any information that is made available to us when you visit our website in accordance with data protection and privacy laws. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.brandeis.edu, not for information collected offline. Please note that Brandeis schools, centers, institutes and other units may have additional privacy statements explaining their practices. By using this website, you are consenting to our collection and use of information in accordance with this privacy statement.
What information do we gather about you?
Brandeis University and our third-party vendors collect information regarding your use of www.brandeis.edu, such as your IP address, browser type and the pages you visit. We use Google Analytics and Technolutions Slate to generate reports about site usage and improve our website for visitors. Additionally, some Brandeis websites use remarketing services from third parties, such as Google AdWords and Facebook. Visitors to some Brandeis Web pages may see an increase in Brandeis University advertisements on Facebook, Google products and other websites.
Brandeis University collects other information about you when you voluntarily provide that information via forms on this website. At your request, we will remove your information from our databases. Please note that the university is PCI-DSS compliant, and any bank or credit/debit card information that you provide on www.brandeis.edu is handled as required by state and federal laws.
We also contract with third parties in order to provide services, and your personal information is held in their databases as well. These third parties are contractually prohibited from releasing your information to others, except as legally required, and have attested that their systems meet required data protection standards. The university may also provide your information to third parties as required by law.
How is this information collected and how can you opt out?
Google and other third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information on www.brandeis.edu. For more information about Google Analytics, see Google's terms of service and privacy policy. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's ads settings. To adjust or opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting on Facebook, please see Facebook's page on ads. For more information about Technolutions Slate, see the Technolutions privacy policy.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you disable them). We use cookies, including those from Google and Technolutions Slate, to understand and save your preferences for future visits, and to compile data to improve website experiences and tools. You may disable cookies through your individual browser options, or you can opt out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Other Websites
Brandeis University websites contain links to other websites not owned by, or affiliated with, the university. Brandeis University is not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information gathered by such third-party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of those other sites to understand how they collect and protect your personal information.
Information Protection
This website has reasonable security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Changes to this Statement
This privacy statement may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page.
Communications or Complaints
Any communications related to this privacy statement, including questions or complaints, should be directed to security@brandeis.edu.
Effective Date
The effective date of this statement is May 25, 2018.
