The following text is extracted and transformed from the sodaplayer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Soda Player - Introducing the most feature-packed video player ever made.
Privacy Policy
This service, its operators (collectively, Freedom Privacy Inc. directors, associates and employees) and constituents believe that the privacy and security of our visitors and clients information are of utmost importance. As such, we administer strict policies safeguarding your privacy and security. This document (Privacy Policy) defines and informs you of any and all of the instances in which your data and information may be saved and how it may be used.
The information we collect from client of our service is limited to:
E-mail address,
Payment type (NOT data).
The information we collect generally from the website and other means is limited to:
Google Analytics data (appears anonymous),
Website servers logs,
Any e-mails we receive.
We guarantee that we will use the information collected (see above lists) only for the following ends:
E-mail address is used to send subscription information and payment confirmations,
Payment data is used to manage client sign-ups, payments, and cancellations,
Google Analytics data is used to improve our website and application,
Website servers logs are regularly pruned and are created by the web-server,
E-mails will be used for correspondence.
Soda Player DOES NOT collect or log any traffic or use of its proxy technologies.
If under subpoena, Soda Player may release data in order to comply with legal obligations or in order to enforce the Soda Player Terms of Service and/or other agreements. Soda Player nonetheless does everything it can to hold no data that could compromise the privacy and anonymity of its users.
Soda Player may release data in order to protect the rights, property and/or safety of Soda Player, its constituents, and/or other visitors and clients.
By using this website and/or services, you agree that you consent to this privacy policy and any changes hereto in the future. You agree that Soda Player may make changes to this privacy policy at any time without any given notice at its discretion.
Last revised Oct 22, 2016
