The following text is extracted and transformed from the cernerhealth.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-16. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Cerner Health - Privacy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 1, 2010
Latest Revision Date: October 24, 2014
Overview
We are committed to protecting your privacy and the security of the information you entrust with us. While we are not a covered entity or a business associate under the United States' Health Insurance Privacy and Portability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) in providing Cerner Health to you, we strive to provide you with equivalent levels of security and privacy protection.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") discloses our information gathering and sharing practices. Your use of Cerner Health is governed by this Policy, and by using or accessing Cerner Health you agree to be bound by its terms. Additional terms and conditions, if any, regarding the collection and use of your information may also be provided to you before you sign up for a particular program, activity or service.
It's Your Personal Health Information
You have complete control over who can access the personally identifiable information (name, email, home address, etc.) contained in your record(s). You decide who you want to have access to your record(s) by making connections with such individuals.
You have complete control over who can contribute to and retrieve information from your record(s) and can terminate their access and permissions at any time. Because it's your account, you may verify the accuracy of and update your personal information held within your Cerner Health account at any time.
How the Health Information in Your Record is Obtained
The only personally identifiable information Cerner Health obtains is information which you voluntarily provide or authorize.
Healthcare providers may access, contribute to and receive patient care information from records in your account if you create a connection with them and grant them permission to do so.
Health condition management programs (e.g., diabetes, smoking cessation, obesity, etc.) may access, contribute to and receive condition-related information from your record if you create a connection with them and grant them permission to do so.
Devices, such as scales, blood pressure cuffs, and glucometers, may contribute data to your record directly or through a manufacturer's website, if you create a connection with them and grant them permission to do so.
Sharing Your Personal Health Information
It's your choice to share the information in your record(s). You can share information with trusted family members and friends, healthcare providers, programs you sign up for (such as condition management programs), as required for Services you choose to participate in, and with other individuals to whom you provide access and assign privileges within your health record. In choosing to grant privileges you are creating a 'connection' with such individual or organization.
You can grant these individuals the right to view, contribute to and receive information from your record. You can grant, modify or cancel these privileges at any time. When you create a connection from your Cerner Health account or otherwise share information available through Cerner Health with another individual or organization, you acknowledge and accept responsibility for your decision to provide them access to potentially sensitive information.
How Information is Collected and Used by Cerner
Cerner Health collects certain information from you in three ways: (i) from web server logs, (ii) with cookies and web analytics tools, and (iii) directly from you.
IP Addresses (Server Log Information) – An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. All computer identification on the Internet is conducted with IP addresses that allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. Cerner Health collects IP addresses in order to conduct system administration, report Aggregate Information (as defined below) to affiliates or partners, understand and manage site access, and analyze use and demand. Cerner Health also uses IP addresses to identify individuals violating the Terms of Use or who are threatening the service, web site, content, users, clients or others.
Cookies – Cerner Health places a text file called a 'cookie' in the browser files of your computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cerner Health uses cookies to identify your on-line session, secure your information, and improve the performance of Cerner Health. These cookies do not contain any personal information. You may disable cookies in your browser but doing so will restrict your access to only public pages and you will no longer be able to access your Cerner Health account. In addition to cookies, some web analytics tools used by Cerner Health may place a single-pixel GIF file on a computer as a tracking indicator.
Web Analytics – Cerner Health may use web analytics to understand Cerner Health's site usage. This information is used to help design, develop, and support Cerner Health. Although the web analytics tool may receive and store Cerner Health's site usage information (such as pages accessed) it does not receive any individually identifiable or sensitive information as a part of this process. If you do not want data collected by Google Analytics, you can use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available on Google's website.
Services (User-Supplied Information) – We may use your account and e-mail address to communicate with you about our Services. If you sign up for a new Service, we may collect personal information such as contact information (e.g. name, address, telephone number and alternate e-mail address), demographic information (e.g. zip code, organization and/or role), or sensitive information (e.g. healthcare information). We will not use your personal information to market new Services to you.
De-identified Information – We do not use or disclose your information for any purpose, other than as described in this Policy, without your permission. We will ask your permission to use your "de-identified" data if we wish to use it. De-identified data has your personally identifiable information removed and cannot be connected to you in any way. Details on what information is removed can be found here. You always have the ability to opt-out of sharing your de-identified data. Should you choose to share your de-identified data with us, we (including our affiliates and partners) may use it for any purpose permitted by law, including analysis in support of healthcare research, incorporation into databases, reports, comparative data sets, scores, or scoring systems generated there from, and use for broader Cerner Health initiatives, including to enhance and improve Cerner Health.
How Information is Shared and Disclosed by Cerner
We do not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies, except when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
Disclosures Under Special Circumstances – We may provide information about you to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may share information about you when we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take legal action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
Disclosures to Third Parties Assisting In Our Operations – We may provide your personal information to affiliates, subsidiaries and trusted partners who work on behalf of or with us under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to assist us in our operations.
Information Security
Cerner Health data is stored in a secure data facility, designed to protect against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of the information contained within it. Our stringent physical and electronic security measures are regularly reviewed to ensure compliance with our policies and to manage and enhance our capabilities.
Security Breach
If there is ever a breach of the security of your information, we may be required by law to notify you. By accepting this Policy, you authorize us to send any such notification to the email address in your Cerner Health account. If you prefer notification by first-class mail, you can select that option in the Notifications section of your Account Settings and provide us with your mailing address.
Children's Privacy Protection
Cerner Health is not designed for or targeted at children. We will not knowingly collect and maintain personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.
Your Ability to Edit, Disable, or Delete Your Information, Records, and Account
At any time, you may verify the accuracy of personal information held by Cerner Health , and subject to certain statutory exceptions, you may access, update and delete your personal information.
You may delete any records you have created in your Cerner Health account at any time. Deletion results in the permanent destruction of the record and the information contained within it.
You may close your Cerner Health account at any time. Closing your account will result in the deletion of all records you have created in your account and all information contained within the records.
Information you share with third parties may remain in their systems or physical records after deletion or modification of your Cerner Health account. It is your responsibility to contact any such third parties to ensure that your information, which is maintained by them, is modified or deleted.
European Union Safe Harbor Statement
By using Cerner Health , you agree to the processing and use, including storage of your information within Cerner Health (in the manner described in this Policy) and including storage of your information outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), in particular through Cerner in the United States. Cerner participates in the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Framework as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce and follows respective data EU Safe Harbor Guidelines.
Contact Us
We regularly review our compliance with this Policy. If you have any concerns about how we treat personal information, please contact us at:
Cerner Corporation
2800 Rockcreek Parkway
Kansas City, Missouri 64117 U.S.A.
Attention: Cerner Health
1-877-621-8014
Notification of Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Policy may be revised from time to time as we add new features and services, as laws change, and as industry privacy and security practices evolve. However, we will take reasonable steps to notify you of material changes we make to this Policy. We display an effective date and a latest revision date on the Policy above so that it will be easier for you to know when there has been a change. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Policy. Your continued use of Cerner Health constitutes your acceptance of the revised terms. Small changes or changes that do not significantly affect individual privacy interests may be made at any time and without prior notice.
De-identifying Personal Health Information
The information in health records is de-identified by removing the following person-specific information:
Names
All geographic subdivisions smaller than a state, including street address, city, county, precinct, zip code, and their equivalent geocodes, except for the initial three digits of a Zip code if, according to the current publicly available data from the Bureau of the Census: (1) The geographic unit formed by combining all Zip codes with the same three initial digits contains more than 20,000 people; and (2) The initial three digits of a Zip code for all such geographic units containing 20,000 or fewer people are changed to 000.
All elements of dates (except year) for dates directly related to an individual, including birth date, admission date, discharge date, date of death; and all ages over 89 and all elements of dates (including year) indicative of such age, except that such ages and elements may be aggregated into a single category of age 90 or older.
Telephone numbers.
Fax numbers.
Electronic mail addresses.
Social security numbers.
Medical record numbers.
Health plan beneficiary numbers.
Account numbers.
Certificate/license numbers.
Vehicle identifiers and serial numbers, including license plate numbers.
Device identifiers and serial numbers.
Web Universal Resource Locators (URLs).
Internet Protocol (IP) address numbers.
Biometric identifiers, including finger and voice prints.
Full face photographic images and any comparable images.
And any other unique identifying number, characteristic, or code.
