The following text is extracted and transformed from the 1000goals.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy | 1000 Goals
27 February 2008 at 01:51 GMT
Third Party Advertising:
We serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Third Party Cookies:
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.
Personal Information:
This Web site does allow user to enter their email address at their own will for comments on our site. We do not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted. Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. 1000goals.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Latest Football News
Former Liverpool, Chelsea and Spain striker Fernando Torres has announced he is to retire from football. The 35-year-old, who is currently playing for Sagan Tosu in Japan, confirmed the end of his football career on social media. I have something very important to announce. After 18 exciting years, the time has come to put an…
Relive all the action of the inaugural eChampions League where NYC_Chris became the champion!
The 2018/19 season of Premier League is well behind us and it was an exciting one to watch. Featuring 20 of the best teams England has to offer, we can be sure there was no shortage of incredible performances. Reading through Premier League news after the season ended, there are several things we can find.…
Lucas Moura "deserves a statue" after his hat-trick took Tottenham into an all-English Champions League final, says team-mate Christian Eriksen. Moura himself called it "the best moment of my career". Eriksen said: "It was a ridiculous game; we were really far down, we tried to fight back, we were just lucky." The Danish playmaker added:…
Jurgen Klopp, Mo Salah, Virgil van Dijk and the Liverpool squad celebrate with their fans after completing an unforgettable turnaround against Barcelona.
Football Scores & Highlights
Latest Football Highlights
