The following text is extracted and transformed from the mugshotmuseum.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-05. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy, Security, & eCommerce Policies: Randy Cassingham's Weird News
"My policy is simply to treat my customers the way I wish to be treated."
-- This is True Founder Randy Cassingham
First Things First: Your Privacy
We not only will not provide your e-mail address to any advertiser, we actually work rather hard to keep it secret. Your address will not be provided to anyone who is not an employee of This is True unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law.
We further protect your privacy and e-mail security in general by requiring that new subscribers "confirm" or "verify" their subscription request. This prevents people from harassing others by subscribing them to something they may not want. When you subscribe, we send a message asking you to confirm your subscription. You must click the link in this message before your subscription will be activated. Of course, you may always cancel (or "unsubscribe") at any time: there is a link at the bottom of every issue to make it easy (details).
In addition, since our company's formation in 1983, it has also been our policy to never sell customer postal addresses, either. So if you buy our Premium subscriptions, our book collections, or any other item, the information you provide us to deliver them is also kept confidential. We miss out on profit opportunities by not selling our customer addresses, but that's how we want to be treated by the companies we do business with, so that's how we treat our customers. Simple, eh?
Terms of Service: This is True 's free edition is offered without charge for your personal use. In return for your free subscription, you agree to abide by the terms of the copyright notice included in each issue, and you agree that you are responsible for maintaining your own subscription, including changing your own address or stopping your subscription when you choose. Unsubscribe links are included in every issue.
Comments and Letters to the Editor: All comments, whether sent by e-mail or posted on this site, become the property of ThisIsTrue.Inc and may be published. Comments will be published at our sole discretion. Once published, any editing of comments shall be at our sole discretion, including removing comments for any reason. Comments on the site will be removed in the case of spam, off-topic posts, "flaming", invasion of others' privacy or other legal reasons, or if they do not materially contribute to the discussion at hand. We ask that you include your first name and location, and these may be added by us if you fail to do so. Publication in our newsletters may include your name and location, but will not include your e-mail address, and may (or may not) be edited for length or clarity.
Underage Subscribers: This is True is designed for adults and well-educated, older teens. Kids under 13 will not likely get the humor or irony, and we do not knowingly accept subscriptions for pre-teens. Any pre-teens discovered on our distribution will be deleted. Any particularly brainy kids that want to read True should ask a parent to subscribe, and then ask to read their parent's copy.
Cookies: The site — and the advertisers who make this free service possible — may use cookies or "web beacons" to get statistics on who sees what ads, whether you click on the ads, etc.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of specific interest to you.
Google is one of these third-party vendors, and they use cookies to serve ads here. Google uses a special DART cookie that enables it to serve ads to you based upon your visit to this site and others that you visit.
If you don't want to have this DART cookie on your computer, you can opt out. We feel you'll be making a mistake by doing that, as you'll then see ads for random goods or services that won't be of much use to you.
eCommerce Policies
Order Entry Security: ThisIsTrue.inc uses industry-standard SSL security on all our online order forms. Orders will show on your credit card statement or Paypal history as "This is True" (or "THISISTRUE.COM").
Refund Policy: All actual products (such as printed materials) have a 30-day return policy if defective. If you find a problem with a product, explain the problem via our Contact Form on this site. We do not offer refunds if you simply change your mind, or get mad when we tell the truth about an event.
Note Regarding Online Credit Card Security: All credit card data entered by customers, including account numbers, are processed immediately and are not kept on file by us for any length of time. We cannot "look up your number" to process a renewal for you even if you give us permission. We are quite serious about the security of your data, and use the best methods available to us. We simply use what we expect from the online merchants we buy things from.
Affiliate Relationships
You should assume that any links on this site, or in our e-mails, is to a site that has an affiliate relationship and/or another material connection to the providers of goods and services mentioned, and the owners of this site may be compensated when you purchase from such a provider. You should always perform due diligence before buying goods or services from anyone — via the Internet or offline.
Updated page title to reflect content of page.
