The following text is extracted and transformed from the clikky.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Clikky.com for the OnLine Business PowerPack
|
Biz Guru Ltd  is committed to protecting the privacy of the information we collect about you. We use the information we collect about you on this Site to provide a personalised service to you when you purchase goods and items from this Site.
|  What data do we collect?
2.1 |
So that we can provide a personalised service, upon  the purchase of goods or services e or at other times, we will ask you to submit your email address and you can also submit other optional personal information.
|  How is the information used?
|
Biz Guru Ltd  will use the information you provide to us to identify your order, requests or comments and provide the appropriate services to you.
|  ****
With whom is the information shared?
4.1 |
Biz Guru Ltd  may disclose aggregate statistics about our Site visitors, customers and sales in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
4.2 |
Biz Guru Ltd  may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or if it believes that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Biz Guru Ltd , the Site or its visitors.
4.3 |
This Site contains links to other sites. Biz Guru Ltd  is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
|  Security
|
Biz Guru Ltd  places a great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our customers. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of customer data under our control. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
|  Where is the information stored
|
Information which you submit via the Site is sent to a computer located in England. This is necessary in order to process the information and to send you the information you have requested. Information submitted by you may be transferred by us to our other offices and to other reputable third party organisations, which may be situated outside the European Economic Area.
|  ****
Your acceptance of the above uses of your personal data
|
By using this Site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Biz Guru Ltd  and to the Biz Guru Ltd  privacy policy. If we change our privacy policy in any way, we will post these changes on this page but you are responsible for checking this policy each time you use the Site.
|  Your rights
|
You have a legal right to a copy of all the personal information about you held by us. You also have a right to correct any errors in that information. Regarding any questions, concerns or comments you have about this policy or the enforcement of your rights please email  inquiry@bizguruservices.com
