The following text is extracted and transformed from the immonitor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-28. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - IMMonitor
Support
Our Privacy Policy
Your Information
IMMonitor Software does not gather any personally identifiable data such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address from users of this web site without previous notification.
When purchasing our product, additional information is needed to fill your order. Any information provided by you will not be sold or given to anyone, and it will only be used by IMMonitor Software for filling your order and notifying you by email of updates.
Cookies and Other Browser Information
IMMonitor Software's website utilizes visitor log files or cookies as well as hosted tracking with our website. The information collected with visitor cookies and through the hosted tracking is used to gain a better understanding of which sections of our site are most important to our users as well as identify possible navigation issues. This allows us to enhance your user experience in the future. The data collected from these visitor cookies and hosted tracking does not collect any personally identifiable information and is used in aggregate form only.
Protect the information you give us
Where personal information is required, IMMonitor Software website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to transmit this data. This is done to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of the information you have offered. While IMMonitor Software strives to protect the personal information you submit to us, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure.
IMMonitor Software will take reasonable steps necessary to protect the information you provide to us. We continually review our security procedures and mechanisms to ensure that adequate protections are in place.
Our Products
Yahoo Messenger Monitor
Yahoo Messenger Monitor Sniffer - Monitor Yahoo Messenger conversations on network computers
MSN Messenger Monitor Sniffer
MSN Messenger Monitor Sniffer - Monitor MSN Messenger conversations on network computers
AIM Monitor Sniffer
AIM Monitor Sniffer - Monitor AIM conversations on network computers
ICQ Monitor Sniffer
ICQ Monitor Sniffer - Monitor ICQ Messenger conversations on network computers
MySpaceIM Monitor Sniffer
MySpaceIM Monitor Sniffer - Monitor MySpaceIM  conversations on network computers
IMMonitor Yahoo Messenger Spy
IMMonitor Yahoo Messenger Spy - Capture, sniff, and log Yahoo Messenger chat remotely within a LAN
IMMonitor MSN Spy
IMMonitor MSN Spy - Capture, sniff, and log MSN  Messenger chat remotely within a LAN
IMMonitor AIM Spy
IMMonitor AIM Spy - Capture, sniff, and log AIM chat remotely within a LAN
IMMonitor ICQ Spy
IMMonitor ICQ Spy - Capture, sniff, and log ICQ chat remotely within a LAN
IMMonitor MySpaceIM Spy
IMMonitor MySpaceIM Spy - Capture, sniff, and log MySpaceIM chat remotely within a LAN
