The following text is extracted and transformed from the fireemblemwiki.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Fire Emblem Wiki:Privacy policy - Fire Emblem Wiki
From Fire Emblem Wiki, your source on Fire Emblem Wiki information. By Fans, for Fans.
|
This is an enforced policy on Fire Emblem Wiki. This means that this page details the standard that all editors are expected to follow. To suggest any changes to this policy, please refer to the talk page.
---|---
Effective Date: 7/11/2019
Fire Emblem Wiki's privacy policy details the nature of the data we collect from our users, and who may access this data. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy, you may not access Fire Emblem Wiki.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our collection and use of data or would like to request to have your personal data removed, please contact a bureaucrat, either on their talk page, or via social media.
Session data
All content on Fire Emblem Wiki is open to the public for viewing and editing. Session data may be recorded by Fire Emblem Wiki, such as IP address, browser, operating system, screen resolution, and location. We use this information to help improve the quality of our services, and will never distribute it to third parties without the approval of the relevant users.
Personal and account data
When you create an account on Fire Emblem Wiki, we record data such as your username, email address, and any other details you choose to provide, in order for our systems to identify you. By registering an account on Fire Emblem Wiki, you agree to allow us to record such data. You may access and edit your data by visiting Special:Preferences while logged in. This data will never be shared with any third parties, and we will endeavor to ensure that users' data is kept secure insofar as is reasonably possible. If you have used an email address to sign up, you may unset your e-mail address in your user preferences.
However, Fire Emblem Wiki cannot be held responsible for any personal data posted publicly (age, name, address, etc.); e.g. on users' personal pages. We recommend that you do not share any more personal information than is absolutely necessary.
User accounts cannot be deleted. When you register an account on Fire Emblem Wiki, you agree to allow us to retain all necessary data indefinitely.
Editing
When you post an edit to a page, the system will record your username, and all content you add, remove, or change. This data is publicly accessible for anyone to view or distribute, and once an edit is posted, this data is released irrevocably under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License 1.3. By posting an edit, you agree to this data being recorded and released. If you do not agree, please do not submit edits to the wiki.
Content submitted to the wiki is the work of our editors; as such, Fire Emblem Wiki's owners and staff cannot be held responsible for content posted to articles that may be considered offensive or misleading, or which may expose private data. However, the staff will promise to attempt to monitor all incoming contributions, and to remove any such content as soon as is possible.
Advertising
All advertisements on Fire Emblem Wiki are served by She Media. Information collected by our advertisers may include browser and Device information such as your IP address, the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; device type and model, manufacturer, operating system type and version, time zone, general location inferred from IP address, and identifiers assigned to a device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), Android/Google Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (typically an alphanumeric string allocated to a device by the device manufacturer, identifiers stored in a our cookie, ETag, or browser or web cache). Your IP address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your library. We use your IP address and other identifiers for a variety of purposes, including to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, and other purposes as allowed or required by law.
This may include the use of the ad serving services in accordance with applicable law (including industry self-regulation or standard practices proposed by organizations such as the Network Advertising Initiative, Privacy Alliance or TRUSTe), including, without limitation, (i) the use of third party advertising technology, (ii) the data collection and other uses of the Ad Serving Services, and (iii) any reporting and/or targeting activities.
Information about your interactions on our Publisher Network Websites such as information about the activities or actions on those Publisher Network Websites, the content viewed on the Publisher Network Websites, the URL that referred you to the Publisher Network Websites and all of the areas within the Publisher Network Websites that you visit, the web sites you visit after the Publisher Network Website; SKM ad information, such as the content of the ad (what the ad is about, e.g. entertainment, news); the ad type (e.g. text, image, or video); where the ad is served (e.g. the website on which the ad appears); whether you clicked on the ad, the number of times you have seen the ad, and information about your interaction with the ad. You may read more about She Media's privacy policy here. If you wish, you may opt out from such collection and use at this website here.
As such, we are not responsible for any data collected or shared via any advertisements shown, or any content contained therein which may be offensive or malicious in nature. If you notice an advertisement on Fire Emblem Wiki that you feel is inappropriate, please contact a member of our tech support team, giving them as much information as possible (e.g. a screenshot of the offending advertisement, which page you saw the advertisement on, etc.), and we will attempt to have it removed from our advertising rotation.
External links
Fire Emblem Wiki is not responsible for the content or data collection policies of any sites you may visit via external links on the wiki. You follow external links at your own risk.
Cookies
By visiting Fire Emblem Wiki, you agree to allow us to place cookies on your system, in order to identify you and retain your session data. If you do not agree to our use of cookies, you may disable them in your browser's settings; however, note that you will be unable to log in or edit.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy to this page. We will let you know when changes have been made to this Privacy Policy by updating the “Effective Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review the Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effected when they are posted on this page.
Fire Emblem Wiki help pages
| Basic editing | Getting started (To-do list) • Talk pages • Protected pages • Images • Image sourcing • Naming images • Color • Moving pages • Redirects • Tables • Citing sources • References • Templates (List of formatting templates)
---|---
Guidelines and policies | User accounts • Coverage policy • Quality standards • File deletion policy • Featured articles • Interwiki policy • Copyrights • Privacy policy • General disclaimer
Advanced editing | HTML • Custom signatures • Archiving talk pages • Magic words • Parser functions • Administrators' guide
Wiki information | Administrators • User rights • Social media • Affiliates • About
