The following text is extracted and transformed from the murthy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Murthy Law Firm | U.S Immigration Law
At the Murthy Law Firm, keeping your information safe has always been a priority. Although there have been no changes in our procedures, we have updated our Privacy Policy for clarity, in light of the recent requirements per the 2018 EU General Data Protection Regulation.
We never share or sell our lists. You are sent only the information you requested or to which you subscribed.
MurthyDotCom
Our content management system has the ability to collect cookies for registered members, which we do not have, and for blog responses, which we are not set up for. Google Analytics also collects cookies for our website to evaluate the impact of our posts and to better serve the Murthy Community’s browsing experience. Learn more about the cookie usage of Google Analytics here.
We do not share your information with anyone for any reason.
MurthyBulletin
The MurthyBulletin employs a double opt-in method that generates an eMail, which requires you to confirm your subscription initiation. You have access to unsubscribe or to control your subscriber information at the bottom of each MurthyBulletin you receive. MailChimp is our eMail service. Please find their Privacy Policy here.
MurthyForum
If you are a member of the MurthyForum community, you have access to your member profile. Invision Community hosts our forums. Please find their Privacy Policy here.
Murthy Teleconferences
Our teleconference mailing list is also managed by MailChimp, but we control enrollment manually, as it is a service intended for employers. You may unsubscribe or make changes to your subscription from the bottom of a teleconference eMail. If you have problems, you may eMail teleconference@murthy.com.
MurthyChat
Those who log in to the MurthyChat create a temporary login that is used only during that particular chat session. No information is collected or saved.
Murthy Law Firm Clients
If you become a client of the Murthy Law Firm, the subscription process for the MurthyBulletin is begun for you. You may confirm your subscription upon receipt of the double opt-in eMail, or decline it by not responding. You can unsubscribe at any time.
All information given to the Murthy Law Firm by its prospective clients, clients or agents of its clients is kept strictly confidential and on a need-to-know basis, which is protected under attorney / client privilege. You can be assured that your personal information is used only by our trained legal staff for the purpose of the work you have engaged our firm to do. Your information is never used for marketing or solicitation and is never sold or given to anyone for these purposes.
The Murthy Law Firm never supplies any other person or organization with your information except those government agencies involved in your immigration process (e.g. U.S. Department of Labor, USCIS, etc.).
Copyright © MURTHY LAW FIRM. All Rights Reserved
