The following text is extracted and transformed from the consumerist.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy Highlights
Last Modified: July 19, 2019 (View Archived Versions)
Consumer Reports is an independent, nonprofit member organization that works side by side with consumers for truth, transparency, and fairness in the marketplace. As part of that mission, we are committed to following a core set of Privacy Principles.
Please note that the Consumer Reports Privacy Policy has been updated. Please review the revised Privacy Policy carefully before using any of our products, services and programs. By using our products, services and programs you consent to the terms of our updated Privacy Policy. Click here for more information about the updates.
For more information, please read our complete Privacy Policy.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers the Consumer Reports family of digital services, print publications, and other products, services and programs that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, "CR Publications, Services and Programs").
Information Collected
We collect a variety of information about you, including:
Information you provide directly to us.
Information we collect automatically on the CR Publications, Services and Programs, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
Information we obtain from other sources where permitted by law.
Information that is combined or supplemented with information from other sources.
Read More
Use of Information
We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, including:
To fulfill products, services and information you’ve requested.
To customize your experience so that we can make a better, more compelling experience for our users.
To provide you with products, services and programs we believe may be of interest to you.
To conduct consumer policy and mobilization activities, such as running campaigns on consumer policy issues, and informing our efforts to recruit, train and connect our consumer activists.
To provide insights to manufacturers, regulators, researchers and other third parties to help improve the marketplace.
As otherwise described to you at the time of collection or with your consent.
Read More
Disclosure of Information
We may share information within the Consumer Reports family and with various third parties, including:
With our authorized service providers
When you make a donation
When you enter a sweepstakes or contest
When you submit a user review
For direct-mail campaigns
With policymakers when you take action on a policy issue
With manufacturers, regulators, researchers and other third parties to help improve the marketplace
To protect our websites and users
When required by law
Read More
Choice/Opt Out
You have choices regarding the use of information we collect.
You can stop the delivery of promotional email from the CR Publications, Services and Programs by following the instructions in the message.
You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements.
You can opt out of receiving communications from us in connection with donations, surveys, policy and mobilization emails, direct mail, and other communications.
You can opt out of direct mail promotional offers from third parties.
Read More
Other
For those of our members, customers, activists, donors, suppliers and business contacts who are natural persons located in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland, we provide information about how CR treats your personal data, our valid bases for processing your personal information, and your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Read More
We have adopted commercially reasonable information security policies and practices to help protect your information, but please note that no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure.
We may revise the Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices, in which event we will update the date the Privacy Policy was last modified posted at the top of the Policy.
For more information about our privacy practices, please review our complete Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or write to us at:
Consumer Reports
Attn: Member Support
101 Truman Avenue
Yonkers, NY 10703
For more information, please read our complete Privacy Policy.
