The following text is extracted and transformed from the consumerlab.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-04-03. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
ConsumerLab.com - independent tests of herbal, vitamin, and mineral supplements
|
PRIVACY POLICY
ConsumerLab.com will not sell, rent, swap, or otherwise disclose to any third party any information provided during your subscription registration. In addition, we do not include on our site any functionality allowing third parties to perform "reverse searches" to identify individuals from e-mail addresses.
We ask you to explicitly "opt-in" to give us your permission to send notification of special ConsumerLab.com events and updates or news about other ConsumerLab.com Activities. You may opt-in immediately following the registration process or at any time afterward on our Mail List page. Of course, if you change your mind, you can always change your option and remove your name from any list.
For ConsumerLab.com subscribers, we reserve the right to send subscription maintenance e-mails, such as order confirmation, renewal/expire notice, and credit card problem notifications, and infrequent Service Alert messages, regardless of the opt-in status. The purpose of the Service Alert messages are to inform subscribers of specific changes that may impact their ability to use our site. We do use certain technologies, such as "cookies," to improve your online experience with our sites. We use these technologies:
During the site subscription process, or during any session in which you change any of your subscription information, as a convenience to you — so you can avoid having to enter your username and password on every screen. This cookie is temporary and disappears when you exit your browser.
Once during each visit to our site, if you are a site subscriber, as a convenience to you — so you can avoid having to enter your username and password every time you access a subscriber-only area on the site. This cookie is temporary and disappears when you exit your browser.
You must accept this temporary cookie in order to gain access to the subscriber-only area on the site. Note: If your browser is set to notify you when you receive a cookie, you'll be prompted to accept the cookie (Yes/No). Please select "Yes".
During the login process, you are given a choice to activate a cookie that allows you to automatically login from your computer without having to remember your username and password. This is completely optional and is provided for your convenience. If you accept, the cookie will be saved to your hard drive, and will not be used for any purpose other than automatic login.
Once during each visit to our Forums area. This temporary cookie contains no personal information. It simply verifies that you are a site subscriber, and disappears when you exit your browser.
ConsumerLab.com may conduct surveys to better understand our users. All survey information is voluntarily disclosed and will not be associated with the individual users. Cookies are used to track what surveys already have been presented, to avoid users from being presented with or submitting duplicate surveys.
We do evaluate site usage by analyzing user information in the aggregate, in a way that does not identify any individual user.
We maintain a secure process for collection, transmission, and storage of subscription registration information. See our Security page for more details.
You can review your subscription information or change your subscriber information or credit card at any time. Go to your Account Profile and follow the instructions there.
subscribe l home l log in l my account l privacy policy
laboratory test results l natural products encyclopedia l recalls & warnings
search this site l about us l the cl seal l testing programs
technical & other reports l news l join free newsletter l contact us/help © 2005 ConsumerLab.com, LLC.
