The following text is extracted and transformed from the contest-corner.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-25. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Contest Corner
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Contest Corner collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://www.contest-corner.com/ website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Contest Corner.
Personal identification information
Update May 24th, 2018: When you subscribe to our email updates, enter a giveaway or leave a blog comment, we will maintain the information submitted for our records unless and until you unsubscribe or ask us to delete this information.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us by e-mail at: beebashcroft@gmail.com
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Update April 16th, 2014: Our site uses Google Analytics, which has now upgraded their system and rolled out new features including demographic information relating to age and gender and “Interest categories“. We are currently researching these changes and have not yet installed the new tracking code. You canopt-out by clicking here and find other opt-outs here. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Contest Corner is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. You can read the Amazon.com privacy policy here.
Contest Corner participates in the Coupons.com affiliate program. You can read the Coupons.com privacy policy here.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Contest Corner may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive. Winners of giveaways hosted on Contest Corner will be asked to provide their mailing information in order to fulfill their prize. Winners may opt-out and forfeit their prize if they do not wish to provide this information. Winner’s shipping information will be provided to the sponsor of the giveaway who is handling prize fulfillment. Contest Corner is not responsible for the privacy policies maintained by these third-party sponsors.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Changes to this privacy policy
Contest Corner has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
beebashcroft@gmail.com
This document was last updated on May 24th, 2018
