The following text is extracted and transformed from the octer.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
OCTER - Privacy
PRIVACY
Last Updated: 19 February 2015
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by SHAREIGHT LTD, and our subsidiaries (collectively, "SHAREIGHT and OCTER") when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us.We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites' homepages or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
SHAREIGHT PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
We at SHAREIGHT Ltd ("SHAREIGHT", "we", "us", "our") are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will treat your personal information.
By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Credit
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (http://www.seqlegal.com).
Collecting personal information
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths)
Information that you provide to us when registering with our app or website (including your email address)
Information that you provide when completing your profile on our website (including your name, username, profile pictures, gender, date of birth).
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (including your name and email address)
Information that you provide to us when using the services on our app or website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services (including the timing, frequency and pattern of service use)
Information relating to any purchases you make of goods or any other transactions that you enter into through our app or website (including your name, address, telephone number, email address and card details)
Information that you post to our website for publication on the internet (including your user name, your profile pictures and the content of your posts)
Information contained in or relating to any communications that you send to us or send through our website (including the communication content and meta data associated with the communication)
Any other personal information that you choose to send to us
Information collected using the web analysis service Google Analytics
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person's consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us through our app or website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the app or website.
We may use your personal information to:
Administer our app, website and business;
Personalise our app and website for you;
Enable your use of the services available on our app or website;
Send you non-marketing commercial communications;
Send you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
Send you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
Send you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
Provide third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information);
Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our app or website;
Keep our app and website secure and prevent fraud;
Verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our app and website (including monitoring private messages sent through our app and website private messaging service)
If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the licence you grant to us.
Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on our website, and can be adjusted using privacy controls on the website.
We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third party's direct marketing.
Disclosing personal information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
Information that we collect may be transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area: the United States of America.
Personal information that you publish on our app or website or submit for publication on our app or website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section 6.
Retaining personal information
This Section 7 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 7, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
All electronic financial transactions entered into through our app or website will be protected by encryption technology.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our app or website confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our app or website).
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
the payment of a fee (currently fixed at GBP 15); and
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Third party websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
We use session and persistent cookies on our website to recognise a computer when a user visits the website, track users as they navigate the website, improve the website's usability, analyse the use of the website, administer the website, prevent fraud and improve the security of the website and personalise the website for each user.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
in Internet Explorer (version 10) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy" and then "Advanced";
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
in Internet Explorer (version 10) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy" and then "Advanced";
in Firefox (version 24) you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", "Privacy", selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the drop-down menu, and unticking "Accept cookies from sites"; and
in Chrome (version 29), you can block all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Content settings", and then selecting "Block sites from setting any data" under the "Cookies" heading.
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:
in Internet Explorer (version 10), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);
in Firefox (version 24), you can delete cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options" and "Privacy", then selecting "Use custom settings for history", clicking "Show Cookies", and then clicking "Remove All Cookies"; and
in Chrome (version 29), you can delete all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Clear browsing data", and then selecting "Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data" before clicking "Clear browsing data".
Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Data protection registration
We are registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner's Office.
Our data protection registration number is ZA054281
Our details
This website is owned and operated by SHAREIGHT ltd registered in Englandand Wales under registration number 08515185
Our principal place of business is at Club Workspace, Canterbury Court,1-3 Brixton Rd, London, SW9 6DE.
You can contact us by writing to the business address given above,or by e-mail to info@shareight.com
