The following text is extracted and transformed from the darkroastedblend.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-12. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Dark Roasted Blend: Dark Roasted Blend Privacy Policy
At DarkRoastedBlend.com we value your readership and respect your privacy. This privacy policy describes what types of personal information we receive when you visit Dark Roasted Blend website, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties. This policy may be revised or updated at any time, so please check back often to find the latest version.
Web Counters and Log Files:
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Geo-targeting of Advertisements:
A cookie is a small text file stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums (forthcoming).
We also use third party advertisements on DarkRoastedBlend.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use cookies when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, and the browser you used to visit our site (but not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number). This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes (showing relevant advertisers to visitors from specific area). If you would like more information about these practices, click here:
Google Privacy Policy
Technorati Media and Technorati Terms of Service
Amazon Privacy Notice
Note: you can always opt-out from targeted advertising by visiting this link.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, at our discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes. If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at this address.
RECENT ARTICLES:
"Dark Roasted Blend" - All Kinds of Weird and Wonderful Things, Discovered Daily!"
DRB is a top-ranked and respected source for the best in art, travel and fascinating technology, with a highly visual presentation. Our in-depth articles in many categories make DRB a highly visual online magazine, bringing you quality entertainment every time you open your "feed" reader or visit our site - About DRB
Connect with us and become part of DRB on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, Google Plus; make sure to subscribe to our updates.
YOUR COMMENTS: :
READ OTHER RECENT ARTICLES:
CATEGORIES :
Feel-Good! | airplanes | animals | architecture | art | auto | boats | books | cool ads | funny pics | famous | futurism | food
gadgets | health | history | humour | japan | internet | link latte | military | music | nature | photo | russia | steampunk
sci-fi & fantasy | signs | space | sports | technology | trains | travel | vintage | weird | abandoned
