The following text is extracted and transformed from the christianconnector.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-01-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy at The Christian Connector
The Christian Connector, Inc. Privacy Policy
The Christian Connector, Inc. is committed to the privacy of those using our information services. Those completing any of our information request forms will have their information provided to The Christian Connector, Inc. and to the school(s) from which they request information. They will also be placed on the appropriate mailing lists and email lists for future Christian college related mailings and emails if they have requested information from Christian colleges, universities, Bible colleges, and/or information regarding specific Christian schools.
The Christian Connector, Inc. does not release names or personal information for use under any circumstances to any organizations, companies or groups that do not meet the criteria outlined above.
The Christian Connector, Inc. collects and uses the personal information and data provided when you complete any of our information request forms and/or request information of any kind. The personal information you provide may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, email, telephone, graduation year, major(s) of interest, denomination, gender, ethnic background, GPA, high school type, high school name, CEEB Code, SAT, ACT, student type, college enrollment semester, date of birth, area of the country of interest to attend college, etc. This information is used for the purpose of fulfilling your request for Christian college, university and/or Bible college information, providing Christian college related information and/or to fulfill requests for information made for specific Christian colleges, universities and/or Bible colleges. The Christian Connector, Inc. will not hold onto your user data longer than deemed necessary and will archive and then ultimately delete your personal information.
When you visit our website we automatically collect the way you came to or found our website/information request forms. The reason for this is to determine internally how our efforts for marketing are performing. In a similar way we use Google Analytics and other possible ways to “track” how individuals access our site and information request forms to determine the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We also track the emails (delivered, opened, click throughs, etc.) that are sent by The Christian Connector, Inc. in order to determine the effectiveness of those emails.
In the event of a “data breach”, The Christian Connector, Inc. will move quickly to investigate and resolve any data breach.
Any individual may request that their name, email, and all personal information be removed or modified from our database anytime they wish and that request will be quickly honored. To make such a request, click here.
The Christian Connector, Inc. reserves the right to update or modify this privacy policy as needed.
