The following text is extracted and transformed from the nook.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-23. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy Introduction | Barnes & Noble®
At Barnes & Noble we value all of our customers and understand that you care about the privacy and security of your personal information. The Privacy Principles set out below apply to Barnes & Noble's collection, storage, use and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by us when you interact with Barnes & Noble, such as when you visit our stores or websites, or use our devices or applications, participate in our Member program, or deal with customer service.
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble, and we do our best to ensure that your personal information is always handled in a safe and responsible manner in accordance with the following Privacy Principles.
CLARITY
Barnes & Noble strives to communicate clearly about your privacy and how we handle your personal information.
SECURITY
Barnes & Noble follows security standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information.
INTEGRITY
Barnes & Noble does not sell or rent your personal information and respects your preferences with respect to your personal information, in accordance with these Privacy Principles, as well as our Privacy Policy.
To read the complete Barnes & Noble Privacy Policy, please click here. In it you will find the answers to the following questions:
What is the personal information that we collect?
Why do we collect personal information?
How do we collect your personal information?
How do we use personal information?
With whom do we share personal information?
How do we secure personal information?
How do we respect your choices about your personal information?
Whom do I contact if I have questions or concerns?
What other information about Barnes & Noble's Privacy Policy would I want to know?
