The following text is extracted and transformed from the worldtaximeter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-16. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Taxi Fare Calculator
Worldtaximeter (We or us) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy
This policy (together with our disclaimer and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us through our website, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. By visiting this website you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
We may amend this privacy policy at any time. Any changes we may make will be posted on this page, so please check back frequently. Your continued use of our website(s) after posting will constitute your acceptance of, and agreement to, any changes.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with information by filling in forms on our website(s) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, live-chat or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you search for a price estimate and when you report a problem with our site. The personal information you provide may include your name, address and e-mail address.
Information we collect about you
When you visit our website(s) we may automatically collect information about your computer, including your IP address, information about your visit, your browsing history, and how you use our website.
Information we receive from other sources
We work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, service providers, advertising networks, analytics providers, and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. This may be combined with other information you provide to us, as described above.
How we use your personal information
We use personal information about you in connection with the following purposes:
Fulfiling your requests:
to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us, including providing you with price estimates of taxi rides; and
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
Service Improvements and account management:
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
to administer our site and for internal business administration and operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; and
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
Sharing your personal information
We may share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Advertisers and advertising networks and other third parties that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site. Your personal information is generally shared in a form that does not directly identify you.
We may also share your personal information with third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, along with its professional advisers. If Worldtaximeter or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal information held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If required in order to obtain professional advice.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Worldtaximeter, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.
We may also share with third parties aggregate information or information that does not personally identify you.
During processing of personal information we also use a hosting service provided by the company Linode LLC, 249 Arch St., Philadelphia, PA 19106, U.S.A. as a processor via the service SendGrid. Personal information may be transferred to the US for use in this hosting service.
We also use the services of Google LLC, Googleplex, Mountain View, California, U.S. as a processor via the services Google Adsense, Google reCaptcha, Google Analytics, and Gmail. Personal information may be transferred to the US for the use of these services.
By using AdSense on our site personal information may be shared with the following ad technology providers:
Google
A9.com, Amazon Europe Core SARL
Aarki
Adacado
Adara Media
AdClear
ADEX
Adform
Adikteev
AdLedge
Adloox
Adludio
AdMaxim
Admedo
Admetrics
Adobe Advertising Cloud
AdRoll, Inc.
AdTriba
advanced STORE GmbH
Adventori
advolution.control
affilinet
Akamai Technologies Inc.
Amobee
Analights
AppLovin Corp.
AppNexus
Arrivalist
AudienceProject
Aunica
Avocet
Batch Media
BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG
Beeswax
Betgenius
Bidswitch
Blismedia
Bombora
Booking.com
C3 Metrics
Cablato
Celtra
Centro
Cint
Clinch
Cloud Technologies
Cloudflare
Commanders Act
comScore
Conversant/CJ Affiliate
Crimtan
Criteo
CUBED
DataXu
Delta Projects
Demandbase
DENTSU
Dentsu Aegis Network
Digiseg
DMA Institute
DoubleVerify
Dstillery
DTS
EASYmedia
eBay
ebuilders
Effinity
emetriq
Ensighten
Essens
ESV
Evidon
Exactag
Exponential
Facebook
Flashtalking
Fractional Media
FUSIO BY S4M
Gemius
GfK
GP One
gskinner
Haensel AMS
Havas Media France - DBi
hurra.com
IBM
Ignition One
Impact
Index Exchange
Infectious Media
Innovid
Integral Ad Science
intelliAd
Interpublic Group
Jivox
Kantar
Kochava
LifeStreet
Liftoff
LiveRamp
Localsensor
LoopMe
Lotame
Macromill group
MainADV
Manage.com
Marketing Science Consulting Group, Inc.
MBR Targeting Gmbh
MediaMath
Meetrics
MindTake Research
Mobitrans
Mobpro
Moloco Ads
MSI-ACI
Nano Interactive
Navegg
Neodata Group
NEORY GmbH
Netflix
Netquest
Neuralone
Neustar
Nielsen
Nordic Factory Solutions AB
numberly
Oath
Objective Partners
Omnicom Media Group
On Device Research
OneTag
OpenX Technologies
Optomaton
Oracle Data Cloud
OTTO
PERMODO
Pixalate
Platform161
PMG
Protected Media
Publicis Groupe
PubMatic
PulsePoint
Quantcast
Rackspace
Rakuten Marketing
Refined Labs
Relay42
Remerge
Resonate
RevJet
RhythmOne LLC
RN SSI Group
Roq.ad
RTB House
Rubicon Project
Salesforce DMP
Scenestealer
Scoota
Seenthis
Semasio GmbH
SFR
Sift Media
Simpli.fi
Sizmek
Smaato
Smadex
Smart
Smartology
Sociomantic
Sojern
Sovrn
Spotad
SpotX
TabMo
Taboola
TACTIC™ Real-Time Marketing
Teads.TV
TEEMO
The Trade Desk
Tradedoubler
travel audience – An Amadeus Company
TreSensa
TripleLift
True Ultimate Standards Everywhere Inc.
TruEffect
Turbobytes
UDG
usemax (Emego GmbH)
Videology
Vimeo
Virtual Minds
Vodafone GmbH
Waystack
Weborama
White Ops
Widespace
WPP
Yieldr
ZMS
Google reCAPTCHA
Based on our legitimate interest in the prevention of spam and abuse, we use the reCAPTCHA feature of Google. This tool is primarily used to distinguish whether an input is made by a natural person or abusive by automated processing. The service includes the sending of the IP address and other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google. Additional information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy can be found at: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Where we store your personal information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored in, a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. The laws in some countries may not provide as much legal protection for your information as in the EEA. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site and to provide interest-based advertising. You may adjust the settings on your browser to refuse cookies but some of the services on our website(s) may not work if you do so. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
Opting Out of Collection of Information by Third Parties
Worldtaximeter third-party ad servers, ad network providers, and third-party advertisers (the Ad Providers) may provide you with advertisements that you may see on our website(s) or on other affiliated websites. To improve the relevancy and help measure the effectiveness of such advertisements, the Ad Providers may use cookies, web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies. These are used to record users' activity, such as the pages visited, and to learn what types of information are of most interest to the users. Use of these technologies by Ad Providers is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our privacy policy. For more information regarding the choices you have about these technologies (such as opting-out), click here.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information. You can exercise the right at any time by contacting us at info@worldtaximeter.com.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access personal information held about you by Worldtaximeter. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of 10 EUR to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Updated: 10 May 2018
