The following text is extracted and transformed from the ura.gov.sg privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-16. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statment
|
This is a corporate website of URBAN REDEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY. Thank you for examining our privacy statement.
If you are only browsing this website, we do not capture data that allows us to identify you individually.
If you choose to make an application or use any of our services online or send us an e-mail for which you provide us with personally identifiable data, we will use such data only for the purpose of processing your application or serving you. We may share necessary data with other Government agencies, so as to serve you in a most efficient and effective way, unless such sharing is prohibited by legislation. We will NOT share your personal data with non-Government entities, except where such entities have been authorised to carry out specific Government services.
For your convenience, we may also display to you data you had previously supplied us or other Government agencies. This will speed up the transaction and save you the trouble of repeating previous submissions. Should the data be out-of-date, please supply us the latest data. We will retain your personal data only as necessary for the effective delivery of public services to you.
To safeguard your personal data, all electronic storage and transmission of personal data are secured with appropriate security technologies.
Should you have any queries about your personal data or should you wish to withdraw your consent for providing us your personal data, please contact us using the relevant telephone number of email address shown here.
This site may contain links to non-Government sites whose data protection and privacy practices may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the content and privacy practices of these other websites and encourage you to consult the privacy notices of those sites.
Should you have any queries or complaints on any issue relating to our privacy policy as set out above, you may wish to send an email to our Quality Service Manager at ura_siu@ura.gov.sg  or you may call our toll free line at 1800-221-2616.
