The following text is extracted and transformed from the winbeta.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy » OnMSFT.com
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.onmsft.com. OnMSFT.com is owned by OnMSFT.com LLC, with Kip Kniskern as the sole member of the corporation.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
We use Disqus for our comments, and do not store comments or comment backups, or any data associated with comments on this site. You can read the Disqus Privacy Policy for further information.
Contact Form
Data Used: Akismet is enabled on the site. The contact form submission data — IP address, user agent, name, email address, website, and message — is submitted to the Akismet service (also owned by Automattic) for the sole purpose of spam checking. The actual submission data is stored in the database of the site on which it was submitted and is emailed directly to the owner of the form (i.e. the site author who published the page on which the contact form resides). This email will include the submitter’s IP address, timestamp, name, email address, website, and message.
Data Synced (?): Post and post meta data associated with a user’s contact form submission. Akismet is enabled on the site. The IP address and user agent originally submitted with the comment are synced, as well, as they are stored in post meta.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Advertising
We run ads from Ziff Davis Tech, from PubGalaxy, and from Google AdSense Media.Net, and Playwire. We do not receive or retain any personally identifiable information from them.
Cookies
Our advertisers may used cookies to better serve ads.
Common ID Cookie
This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking here.
Advertising Privacy Settings
When you use our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device and about your interests to serve ads or personalized content. You may revisit or change consent-choices for Playwire at any time by clicking here.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics for the purpose of counting visits to the site. All data is anonymized via a Google Analytics plugin we use from Exact Metrics.
Ad Blocking and GDPR
We use Admiral for ad blocker revenue recovery and for GDPR compliance. We do not receive or retain any personally identifiable information from them. You can learn more about Admiral’s privacy policies on this page.
Who we share your data with
We don’t explicitly share data with anyone. We require permission from anyone who provides tips to us via our contact form to share their name, email address, or other information, otherwise we don’t share that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site (only applies to staff of OnMSFT.com LLC), or have left comments via Disqus, you can request (via Disqus) to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
We use multiple Automattic products (WordPress, Jetpack, Akismet). You can learn more about Automattic’s privacy policies and GDPR compliance.
updated October 14, 2019
