The following text is extracted and transformed from the windowslifestyle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
About & Privacy Policy - Windows Lifestyle
Windows Lifestyle is a blog primarily targeted to Microsoft Products users. It basically covers tips and tricks, news and information related to Microsoft products and Windows operating system.
You will also find reviews and suggestions related to Windows Phones, Laptops and other Computer Accessories.
This blog was founded by Nitin Agarwal. He was a Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) in Windows Expert – Consumer category for four times. He is using this blog as a medium of sharing what he knows and learn about Microsoft products in his day to day life.
If you want to reach him personally for any of your queries or just want to say Hi, shoot him an email at nitin[at]sprouts.media.
You can find him on Twitter @nitinagarwal198, Facebook and Instagram as well.
He has also authored an eBook The Complete Windows 7 Shortcuts eBook. Apart this he contributes at many Microsoft featured tech communities and helps Windows and PC users in solving their issues.
The latest eBook authored by him is The Ultimate Guide to Speech Recognition in Windows 7. This eBook is mainly written to help Windows users to use voice commands efficiently to control PCs.
Excited enough to know what’s in store for y’all? You have cool options to keep yourself updated.
Subscribe to our **  RSS feed**.
Become our  Fan on Facebook and receive all our latest updates on your wall.
Follow us on  Twitter.
Policies
COPYRIGHT POLICY
Term of Use
If you want to link or quote content from http://www.windowslifestyle.com, please do read our copyright policy:
You are allowed to post or copy a short preview of the article at your website, blog, forum, etc. You are not allowed to post full article.
You must give credits to http://www.windowslifestyle.com when you copy or post the content from here. Put full URL to the exact article which you have copied.
Linking to any page in this blog is allowed and welcome, but hotlinking to any other part of the content such as images is forbidden and illegal. Also downloading and using the content of this blog other than for private usage is forbidden and illegal.
We take plagiarism very seriously. If we find any website/blog/forum republishing our website content/RSS feeds illegally, we’ll take a legal action immediately.
© 2011-18 Windows Lifestyle. All rights reserved.
DISCLAIMER :
This blog is solely used for sharing knowledge & information by the owner and have no illegal intentions of any type. The articles published here are either originally written by the owner or copied from other websites or sources for information purpose only.
Microsoft Trademarks:  Microsoft, Windows, Windows 10, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows Live, Office System, Windows Phone, Surface, Xbox, Visual Studio, Windows Live Hotmail, the Windows logo, Windows Media and/or other Microsoft products referenced herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft. Microsoft is in no way affiliated with this blog. This blog assumes no rights in referring to Microsoft’s trademarks. Our references to and use of Microsoft’s trademarks and copyrights is solely for informational purposes only.
Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
This site is not in any way affiliated with, nor has it been authorized, sponsored, or otherwise approved by, Microsoft Corporation.
Reporting Copyright Infringements
If you believe that any copyright infringement exists on this Website, use Contact Form and send us Email along with the URL. It would be dealt with utmost care. We want to be as fair as we can.
PRIVACY POLICY
At windows Lifestyle, the privacy of our visitors is important to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by https://www.windowsLifestyle.com and how it is used.
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (Personal Information) or allows us to contact you. Generally this information is requested when you are asked to comment on the article, entering a contest, or ordering email newsletters.
If you choose not to provide personal information, you can still use most of the features on the website, but you will not be able to comment and subscribe daily newsletter or areas that require your personal details.
WindowsLifestyle.com strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, Windows Lifestyle also makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
The rest of any other type of information if collected, is fully collected by Google and the blog owner have no responsibilities for any such actions.
Distribution of Personal information
WindowsLifestyle.com does not distribute personal information to any third parties. Should this change, WindowsLifestyle.com will not distribute any information without your prior express consent.
If for some reason you believe WindowsLifestyle.com have not adhered to these principles, please notify us by Email using Contact Form, and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly.
Changes to this documentation
Changes to this document may be made any time without warning. WindowsLifestyle.com may or may not notify you of changes in this policy, however, we will make an effort to notify you if there are any major changes to this policy. You will not be notified about changes related to clarification and/or elaboration of parts of this policy.
All trademarks mentioned on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Windows Lifestyle is not affiliated with Microsoft Corporation in any way.
