The following text is extracted and transformed from the winnipeg.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy - Connect With Us - City of Winnipeg
This page summarizes the privacy policy and practices on The City of Winnipeg (the ‘City’) websites (“Winnipeg.ca”, “WinnipegAssessment.com”, and “WinnipegTransit.com”).
Principles
The City is committed to providing our visitors with an Internet site that respects their privacy. City websites do not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, phone number, email or address. This information is only obtained if you supply it voluntarily through contacting us via email or online forms.
Any collection of your personal information is governed by The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. If you have any questions about the collection or use of your personal information, please see the City’s Access and Privacy Office webpage.
Logging of Site Visitors
Like most Web servers, the City server collects some information about visitors to the site. The server receives and records the Internet domain and Internet Protocol address from which you access the City's website, the date and time of the visit, and the pages visited. Depending on the setup of your Internet service provider (ISP), this information may identify who you are; you may wish to contact your ISP for more information in this regard. The information is analyzed for trends and statistics, and then aggregated. The information is also used to monitor network traffic to prevent damage to the website and to help us make our website more useful to visitors.
Google Search Engine
To assist in the navigation of our website, our website features Google’s custom search engine. Any search inquiries you enter into the search engine may be collected, used, and disclosed by Google. Please check Google’s Privacy Policy for more information regarding how they manage the information you enter into the custom search engine. Please note you do not have to use the search engine in order to access the materials on our website.
Google Analytics
When you visit City websites we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard Internet log information, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, and details of your behaviour patterns. We do this to find out how visitors use our site. This information allows the City to better understand the types of individuals who visit our site and what content they are reading. This, in turn, assists the City in making improvements to our site. Occasionally the City will compile statistics about the number of visitors this site receives and browsers being used. This is statistical data about our visitors’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. This information is used to help us make our website more useful to visitors.
Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive and assists Google Analytics in remembering how you have interacted with pages on our website. This includes the time that the current visit occurred, whether you have been to the site before, and what site referred you to our web page. Google Analytics reports information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit Google Analytics Opt-out.
Receiving Emails from the City of Winnipeg
The City values your privacy. We do not sell or share your personal information with third parties. If you have received an email from the City it is because you have confirmed your subscription to an opt-in email list offered on a City website, or you have requested a response via a contact form, self-service request, or phone call.
From time to time, the City may include additional messages of interest to email newsletter subscribers. You may unsubscribe or change your subscription options at any time by going to the Email News Listing page.
If you have any questions, please read our Conditions of Use or contact the City's Corporate Web Manager.
Last update:
October 26, 2017
