The following text is extracted and transformed from the winterbe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Log data
I want to inform you that whenever you visit this website, the website server collects information that your browser sends that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of the website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
This website includes advertising via the third-party service provider Carbon Ads who uses cookies on this website to provide their service. Please refer to the Privacy Policy of Carbon Network for further information.
This website may use additional cookies to provide the service.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the anonymized IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google Analytics uses a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site. Please refer to the Google Privacy Policy for further information.
You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics by installing thisbrowser plugin provided by Google.
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to this privacy policy
I may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, I advise you to review this page periodically for any changes.
