The following text is extracted and transformed from the evisibility.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-09-26. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Who and What is eVisibility?
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for http://www.evisibility.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data?
Pay Per Click Management
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
eVisibility LLC is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new services or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Advertising
eVisibility displays retargeted ads to our site prospects across the Internet. We collect non‐personally identifiable information about your visits to our Website, and your interaction with our products and services. The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. No Personally Identifiable Information is collected during in this process. If you do not want eVisibility to collect this information, you may opt out of their service. Opting out will not in any ways affect your use of our site. To Opt‐out of retargeting, please click here.
Interested in our services?
Client Testimonial
