The following text is extracted and transformed from the orkutplus.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-08-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Orkut Plus!
Posted by on November 1st, 2008.  3 Comments   Português
Advertisement
We respect your privacy and are committed to safeguarding your privacy while you are online at Orkut Plus! (orkutplus.net) .
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
Log
Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider
(ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
E-mail Subscriptions
If you subscribe to our posts via e-mail (powered by Feedburner), we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users’ privacy, a way to opt-out of these communications is provided.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. This site uses cookies for tracking visitors’ activity. Some of our advertisers use cookies on our site. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission to them to set cookies for advertising.
Google, one of our third-party advertisers, may add a cookie to determine targeted advertisements based on your preferences and your visit to our site and other sites on the internet. You can choose to opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
We allow and use outside ad companies to display ads on this site. These ads may contain cookies and are collected by the ad companies, and we do not have access to these information. We work with the following ad companies: Google Adsense, Kontera and Chitika. Please check their websites for respective privacy policies.
We also allow advertisers and webmasters to place an ad directly by contacting us. These ads are normally placed on the left sidebars or below the posts. We take no responsibility of the content on those sites.
We release new orkut tools now and then which are PHP based because they are quickest and hassle free. Some of these tools require the users to enter their account details to make them work. Please be rest assured that we never store any account information except otherwise noted.
Some incredible orkut tools like Auto Responder Reply Bot which automatically responds to received scraps stores your account details in the database to enable automation. We promise and vow that we won’t ever try to access that database. You can always unsubscribe to the service and remove your information from the database by logging into your control panel and disabling the service.
We have launched a free service called Pastebin where users can post code snippets and share them with anyone they wish to. We do not store any personal information apart from some basic details which are used to recognize the user who created the code post.
Note
You are strictly advised to read our disclaimer
Contact
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please use this contact form.
