The following text is extracted and transformed from the successconsciousness.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Mind Power
Self Improvement
Power of Concentration
Will power & Self Discipline
Motivation
Law of Attraction
Creative Visualization
Power of Affirmations
Power of Positive Thinking
Success & Achieving Goals
Meditation
Happiness
Nonduality
Peace of Mind
Spiritual Growth
Free Articles
Inspiring Quotes
Inspiring Stories
Bookstore
Advertising
Marketplace
Privacy Policy
Affiliate Program
Links
Free eBooks
About This Web Site
Sign Our Guest Book
|
Home  |   About Us  |   Our Books  |   Site Map  |  Contact  |    Cart   |   Search
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
www.SuccessConsciousness.com cares about your privacy, and therefore ensures that any information you provide is used only as necessary, for conducting its business and relations with you.
Your email address, and any information you provide on this site are confidential. We do not sell, rent or give this information for any purposes, unless required by law.
We use the email addresses of people who have contacted us, only for providing them the information they have requested or answering their questions, but never share, rent, sell or give them to any third party.
When using some of our services you will be required to provide information about yourself to some service providers, who assist us in service delivery, such as when purchasing our products or subscribing to our ezine. This information is only given with your consent, as needed to perform our transactions.
1) Payments to us are accepted via www.2CheckOut.com, www.ClickBank.com or www.RegSoft.com. If you are making a purchase via one of these companies, you are subject to their privacy policy, which you can read at their websites. They have strict privacy policies regarding customers' financial information.
Your credit card information does not pass through us. It goes straight to one of the credit card processors companies mentioned above, depending which one of them you use for any particular purchase. These companies request information and customer financial data, for transaction processing purposes using a secure server (when processing information on a secure server you see a padlock sign in your browser).
2) We also run an ezine. Subscriptions, cancellation of subscriptions and emailing the ezine are managed for us by www.aweber.com. You can read their privacy policy at: www.aweber.com/privacy-policy.htm
IP Addresses and Cookies
Success Consciousness' website statistics program keeps track of IP addresses that visit this website. It also uses cookies to determine unique visits from a particular IP, and general information, such as which pages were visited, time spent at the website and other non-personal information. This information is collected for general statistics about website visitors, and does not track or collect any details that can identify the visitor.
We do not store the information collected. We just learn from it how to improve and optimize our site and its performance, and then we discard it.
Message Board Participation
Please note that the information you place in your "profile" on the message boards cannot be viewed by the general public, but only by the message board's members.By participating in the message boards, you agree that we may reproduce any of your contributions elsewhere on the website, in advertising or in our newsletter. However, we will only publish the information that you make public.
Outside Links
This website provide links to websites outside of SuccessConsciousness.com. We are not responsible for the content, products, services or privacy policies of these websites.
Copyright
All articles, text, ebooks, quotes, information logos and design posted on this website, www.SuccessConsciousness.com, are copyright of Remez Sasson, except where noted, and are protected under the copyright laws. Any reproduction of articles, ebooks, quotes, information, logo and design, without the written permission of Remez Sasson of www.SuccessConsciousness.com is strictly prohibited. However, short (several sentences) quotes in articles, reviews, websites, newsletters and ezines or in print are allowed.
Anyone who claims, displays, reproduces, publishes, copies, distributes, modifies, sells or creates works for commercial or noncommercial purposes without the prior written permission from Remez Sasson of www.SuccessConsciousness.com is in violation of the copyright laws and is liable for copyright infringement to the greatest extent of the law.
An individual may download or copy the written material on SuccessConsciousness.com for personal use only.
The only material on this website, which may be freely published without prior permission, but without any alterations, can be found at:
www.successconsciousness.com/free_articles.htm. In case this material is used, a copyright notice should be appended, and due reference should be given to the author. The web address of www.SuccessConsciousness.com should be mentioned as well.
Terms of Use and Disclaimer
www.SuccessConsciousness.com and Remez Sasson will not be liable for any losses or damages, consequential or otherwise, arising out of access or use of this site or any linked sites, and from following any advice, information or any material posted on www.SuccessConsciousness.com and in the books and ebooks sold or distributed through this website.
Please note that the information and advice provided at this website, do not in any way constitute an alternative to psychological or physical professional advice.
You assume full responsibility for all the exercises, self-analysis and developmental practices applied by yourself, as described in the contents of SuccessConsciousness.com or in the ebooks or books sold and distributed from this site. SuccessConsciousness.com and the owner, Remez Sasson, shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this site's materials.
We cannot be held liable or responsible for the misuse of the information presented in this web site, or of the employment of the techniques for selfish purposes. We do not claim that by using the information presented here your life will be magically transformed, nor that everything presented here is suitable for everyone at whatever spiritual, mental, emotional or material stage they are now. We also cannot be held responsible, if for any reason whatsoever, anyone who uses the material presented at this website does not get results.
Services and products of third party companies or individuals advertised by SuccessConsciousness.com carry their own privacy policies and terms of use. If you are looking to purchase any product or service advertised by SuccessConsciousness.com, but which is provided by third party individuals or companies, please consult the privacy policy or terms of service of those products or service providers.
Policy Changes
Remez Sasson and SuccessConsciousness.com reserve the right to make changes to these policies and encourage you to review the privacy policy frequently. By continued use of this website, you agree to accept these terms and any changes.
Please note that content, prices and product offers are subject to change.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your dealings with this website, you can contact us as follows:
Website:  www.SuccessConsciousness.com
Email: info-bl@successconsciousness.com
Address:
Remez Sasson
Shalon street 19/2
Haifa 32980
Israel
Telephone: + 972 4 8236171
|
The Daily Quote
Blog
Forum
Free Ezine
What is Rss
Ezine Archive
Articles Directory
Tell-A-Friend
---|---|---
Copyright © 2001-2009 Remez Sasson, SuccessConsciousness.com. All rights reserved.
