The following text is extracted and transformed from the lbhf.gov.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy policy | LBHF
On 1 November 2016, the council changed its current supplier of Information and Communications Technology (ICT) services, H&F Bridge Partnership Limited. From that date, some ICT services will be provided by BT plc and some by Agilisys Ltd.  Your data may therefore be held or processed by one or both of these partner organisations on behalf of the council.  All data will be held or processed securely in the UK
We respect your privacy and your right to confidentiality. And we're committed to following the Data Protection Act.
We keep your private information secure. Only staff and third parties who are entitled to see the information, have access to it and they can only use it for the purposes stated.
Service providers are contracted to provide certain services on our behalf and where appropriate we have information-sharing protocols and agreements in place to protect your data.
We will do our best to keep information about you accurate and up-to-date, and would like you to do the same.
When we no longer need to keep information about you, we will dispose of it in a secure manner.
How we use information about you
to give you the best service by making sure we contact you when you need us to (for example, we will send our online account holders regular emails updating them on council services)
to upgrade the systems we use to process your information
to make sure that public (taxpayers') money is spent wisely and efficiently
to avoid people being paid money to which they are not entitled
to avoid having to ask people to pay money back when it has been paid to them incorrectly
to reduce fraud and for efficient law enforcement, regulation and licensing, criminal prosecutions and court proceedings.
It is important to us that we properly coordinate what we do for you. As a result, when you tell us that you are moving address or changing your name, we will try and make it as easy as we can for you. We will try to keep your name and address up to date in all our records.
Cookies
We use cookies on certain sections of our website. These are used to help us see which parts of our website are the most useful to customers. We use the information to make the site easier for you to use. If you do not want this to happen, you can set your web browser to reject cookies. However, you may not be able to use online payments or other features of our site.
Read more information about how we use cookies.
Shared services, shared information
We share some services with Westminster and Kensington and Chelsea councils. To work effectively and give you a high standard of customer service, some of your personal information will be shared across the councils. The partnership will collect, use, share, protect and dispose of your personal data in full compliance with the Data Protection Act.
IP (internet protocol) addresses
We monitor the number of visitors to our website and collect IP addresses through our system of continuous review. However, we don’t use this information to identify individuals.
Use of personal information
You can find more information about how we use personal information in our entry in the Information Commissioner’s Office register of data controllers. We renew this annually and update it whenever we are going to use personal information in a new way. Our Registration Number is Z5124889.
Security
We have strict security measures to prevent the alteration, loss or misuse of information on our computers. Our online payments are subject to the tightest security under our control.
If you would like to know more, including about how we look after your information, please see our information charter or contact the information management team (contact details can be found at the bottom of our data protection page).
See also
Blue Badge privacy notice
Commercial services privacy notice (pdf)
Community safety privacy notice
Corporate anti fraud service privacy notice
Electoral services privacy notice
Freedom Pass privacy notice
Housing department privacy notice
HR privacy notice
Licensing privacy notice
My Account privacy policy
Parking services privacy notice
Public health directorate privacy notice (pdf)
Publishing policy
Registration service privacy notice
Taxicard scheme privacy notice
