The following text is extracted and transformed from the ihouseu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-09. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy (GDPR) | IhouseU.com
Privacy Policy
1.0 Our core beliefs regarding user privacy and data protection
– User privacy and data protection are human rights.
– We have a duty of care to the people within our data.
– Data is a liability, it should only be collected and processed when absolutely necessary.
– We loathe spam as much as you do!.
– We will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute or make public your personal information.
2.0 Relevant legislation
Along with our business and internal computer systems, this website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:
– UK Data Protection Act 1988 (DPA).
– EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD).
– EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR).
– Australian Privacy Act 1988 (APA).
This site’s compliance with the above legislation, all of which are stringent in nature, means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and user privacy legislation set out by many other countries and territories as well. If you are unsure about whether this site is compliant with your own country of residences’ specific data protection and user privacy legislation you should contact our data protection officer (details of whom can be found in section 9.0) for clarification.
3.0 Personal information that this website collects and why we collect it
This website collects and uses personal information for the following reasons:
3.1 Site visitation tracking
Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.
Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor (see section 6.0 below).
GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides. FYI our website uses the analytics.js implementation of GA.
Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.
In addition to Google Analytics, this website may collect information (already held in the public domain) attributed to the IP address of the computer or device that is being used to access it. The information is supplied to us from Whoisvisiting.com. Whoisvisiting.com is a service offered by Whoisdata Limited. The Whoisvisiting system does not use your IP address to identify you, the individual, in any way. No cookies are used by the Whoisvisiting system.
The Whoisvisiting system will only lookup information when a static IP address is being used. Differences between a static and dynamic IP address.
More information about how Whoisvisiting uses IP addresses.
3.2 Our blog
Should you choose to add a comment to any posts that we have published on our blog, the name and email address you enter with your comment will be saved to this website’s database, along with your computer’s IP address and the time and date that you submitted the comment. This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the comment section of the respective blog post and is not passed on to any of the third party data processors detailed below. Only your name will be shown on the public-facing website although if the supplied email address is linked to a Gravatar account, your Gravatar photo will also be displayed.
Your comment and it’s associated personal data will remain on this site until we see fit to either 1.) remove the comment or 2.) remove the blog post. Should you wish to have the comment and it’s associated personal data deleted, please email us here using the email address that you commented with.
If you are under 16 years of age you MUST  obtain parental consent before posting a comment on our blog.
NOTE: You should avoid entering personally identifiable information to the actual comment field of any blog post comments that you submit on this website.
3.3 Contact forms and email links
Should you choose to contact us using the contact form on our Contact us page or an email link like this one, none of the data that you supply will be stored by this website or passed to / be processed by any of the third party data processors defined in section 6.0. Instead the data will be collated into an email and sent to us over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP). Our own SMTP servers are protected by TLS (sometimes known as SSL) meaning that the email content is encrypted using SHA-2, 256-bit cryptography before being sent across the internet. The email content is then decrypted by our local computers and devices. However, not all mail servers are secured in such a way. Therefore, we would suggest that you always consider email as an insecure medium and not include personal, confidential or otherwise sensitive information within an email.
3.4 Email newsletter
If you choose to join our email newsletter, the email address that you submit to us will be forwarded to MailChimp who provide us with email marketing services. We consider MailChimp to be a third party data processor (see section 6.0 below). The email address that you submit will not be stored within this website’s own database or in any of our internal computer systems.
Your email address will remain within MailChimp’s database for as long as we continue to use MailChimp’s services for email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the list. You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send you or by requesting removal via email. When requesting removal via email, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.
If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before joining our email newsletter.
While your email address remains within the MailChimp database, you will receive periodic (approximately one per week) newsletter-style emails from us as well as marketing emails from our carefully selected partners (approximately one per day). We will never share your informaiton directly with our marketing partners.
4.0 How we store your personal information
As detailed in section 3.2 above, if you submit a comment to a blog post published on this website some personal information will be stored within this website’s database. This is currently the only occasion where personal data will be stored on this website. This data is currently stored in an identifiable fashion; a limitation of the content management system that this website is build on (WordPress). In the near future we aim to change the storage of this data to a pseudonymous fashion meaning that the data would require additional processing using a separately stored ‘key’ before it could be used to identify an individual.
Pseudonymisation is a recent requirement of the GDPR which many web application developers are currently working to fully implement. We are committed to keeping it as a high priority and will implement it on this website as soon as we are able to.
5.0 About this website’s server
This website is hosted by Hetzner within a German data centre located in Nuremberg.
Some of the data centre’s more notable security features are as follows:
– 3m rota-spike security fence and perimeter anti ram barriers. – Blast proof anti-intruder shielded external windows and doors. – Proximity access locks on all external and internal doors. – Interlocked man-trap doors with biometric iris scanners to gain access into data floors. – Server cabinets have locked doors (no open racks). – Perimeter and internal IP CCTV system monitored 24×7. – 24×7 on-site security guards with static and mobile patrols. – All on-site personnel are security vetted to BS7858 standard. – Only authorised security cleared staff are allowed into the facility.
Full details of United Hosting’s data centre can be foundhere.
All traffic (transferral of files) between this website and your browser is encrypted and delivered over HTTPS.
6.0 Our third party data processors
We use a number of third parties to process personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully chosen and all of them comply with the legislation set out in section 2.0. All 3 of these third parties are based in the USA and are EU-U.S Privacy Shield compliant.
– Google (Privacy policy).
– Mailchimp (Privacy policy).
– Gravatar (Privacy policy).
7.0 Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
8.0 Data Controller
The data controller of this website is:
IHU GLOBAL
Calle Sant Miquel 26-28, 4o 3a,
08003 (Barceloneta)
Barcelona
Spain
9.0 Data Protection Officer
Data Protection Officer
DPO@ihouseu.com
10.0 Changes to our privacy policy
This privacy policy may change from time to time inline with legislation or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes. Specific policy changes and updates are mentioned in the change log below.
10.1 Change log
01/05/2018 – version 1.2
– Added a paragraph to section 3.3 (Contact forms and email links) about email not being secure and that confidential information should not be sent over email. – Added version numbers to the change log.
22/02/2018 – version 1.1
– Added details of the Whoisvisiting IP information system to section 3.1.
25/04/2017 – version 1.0
– Privacy policy instigated.
