The following text is extracted and transformed from the matomo.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Analytics Platform - Matomo
We believe in openness, privacy and 100% data ownership. Matomo’s mission is to liberate analytics and we are passionate about measuring for success. These core values are ingrained into everything we do here at Matomo and that will never change.
This Policy describes the information we collect from you, how we use that information and our legal basis for doing so. It also covers whether and how that information may be shared and your rights and choices regarding the information you provide to us. This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we obtain through your use of Matomo websites including its subdomains demo.matomo.org, certification.matomo.org, forum.matomo.org, developer.matomo.org, shop.matomo.org, plugins.matomo.org, ios.matomo.org, issues.matomo.org, glossary.matomo.org. This Privacy Policy does not cover the www.innocraft.com or www.innocraft.cloud website where the InnoCraft Privacy Policy applies. Learn more about Web Analytics & Privacy.
Who we are
Matomo is an open source project brought to you by the Matomo team members as well as many other contributors around the globe. Matthieu Aubry is the legal representative of the Matomo project. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact our privacy team at privacy@matomo.org We will never sell your personal data to anyone.
What We Collect and Receive
In order for us to provide you the best possible experience on our websites, we need to collect and process certain information. Depending on your use of the Services, that may include:
Contact us via email — for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem, we will collect your name, email address, message, etc. We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries we receive.
Usage data — when you visit our site, we will store: the website from which you visited us from, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, your anonymised IP address, information from the device (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) you used during your visit, and more. We process this usage data in Matomo Analytics for statistical purposes, to improve our site and to recognize and stop any misuse.
Cookies — we use cookies (small data files transferred onto computers or devices by sites) for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on our site. You may deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser. Cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time.
Create an account — when you sign up for and open an account on our forum, certification website or purchase a premium plugin on the Matomo Marketplace, or sign up for content or offers, we may ask you to provide us with information such as your name, email address and details about your organization. As otherwise detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will solely process this information to provide you with the service you signed up for.
Opt-out of website tracking
You can opt out of being tracked by our Matomo Analytics instance below:
Your Rights
You have the right to be informed of Personal Data processed by Matomo, a right to rectification/correction, erasure and restriction of processing. You also have the right to ask from us a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided to us. We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with us directly and/or you using our site and/or service. We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our users or customers. To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy and/or in the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may contact Matomo’s support team: privacy@matomo.org In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your jurisdiction.
Third party services we use
When you visit our websites, or purchase products or services, we use the following third party services which may collect personal data: tr>
Recipient|  Purpose of processing|  Lawful basis|  Data location and security|  Personal data collected by the third party|  Privacy policy
---|---|---|---|---|---
InnoCraft Cloud| To collect and analyse information about how you interact with our websites (web analytics), and to recognize and stop any misuse| Legitimate interest| Frankfurt, Germany| Anonymised IP address, Pages visited, browser and device used, and more.| link
Google Recaptcha| To avoid receiving spam emails| Legitimate interest| USA| IP address, Cookie| link
Youtube| To play videos| Legitimate interest| USA| IP address| link
Userlike| To be able to chat with you| Legitimate interest| Germany| Message, Name, Email, …| link
MadMimi| To send you our newsletter emails after you signup| Explicit consent| USA| Email| link
Discourse Hosting| To create an account on our forum| Contract| Germany| Email address, Username, Name, Password, Posts| link
Matomo Marketplace shop| To create an account on our shop| Contract| France| Username, Password, Names, Email, Payment information, Phone number Physical address| link
HelpScout| To receive and reply to your messages after you contact us| Legitimate interest| USA| IP address, Message sent, Name, Email…| link
Amazon AWS| To host videos and static files| Legitimate interest| Worldwide| None| link
Mettl| To provide you a certification program| Legitimate interest| India| Email address, Date of birth, First name, Family name, Phone number| link
Retention of data
We will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with the services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy. We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect Matomo’s legal rights. We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymized or pseudonymized information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our Site, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we do, we’ll let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the website or by sending you an email.
Contact Us
E-Mail: privacy@matomo.org Contact form: matomo.org/contact
Reusing this Privacy Policy
Before reading further, please, note that none of our team members are lawyers and do not provide legal or business advice. You are welcome to reuse and be inspired by this Privacy Policy (published under license CC BY) after making sure it complies with the way your website tracks, uses and discloses users information. The accuracy, completeness, adequacy of this privacy policy cannot be warranted or guaranteed. Please use it at your own risk. See also the pages about Privacy, List of Features, Matomo supporters and Testimonials. Matomo is a Free Software designed to last.
