The following text is extracted and transformed from the adli.pw privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
AdliPw - le raccourcisseur de lien qui paie!
This page has been updated for the last time on the 24th of July 2013.
- The term 'adli.pw' or 'us' refer to the website owner(s).
- The term 'you' refers to users that are registered or not on the website.
-The term 'content' refers to urls that you shrink on 'adli.pw' in agreement with our terms & conditions.
Adli.pw respects its user's privacy and agrees to keep client's content in the most secure way.
Our terms & conditions gives you a detailed overview of the way we manage your data.
Modifications
This document may be changed without any notice from us. If changes are done, they are applicable as soon as they appear on this page.
Information gathering
We may gather information under activities on the website. We may do it by using different way:
We may gather data regarding your visit(s) on our website. Here are some examples in the following list which is not exhaustive: localization, weblogs, data traffic and any other give information.
We may gather information on forms that you may have filled or completed during a transaction.
If for any reasons, you contact the staff or the website, we may gather information.
Use of cookies
There are process that may require to use cookies.
The collected information may be used for identification purpose as well as to identified if you already saw a page or not.
We may gather information on your use of the internet. When this kind of cookies are used, they are automatically downloaded on your computer. The cookies are stored on your hard drive, with the transferred information. The data gathered by these cookies will help us to improve our website and our services.
Your browser have the option to refuse cookies. You can do it by setting up the browser options.
Note: if you do not allow cookies, certains parts of our website or services will not work.
Our advertisers may also use cookies that we have not any control. They work in the same way as ours but they are more common.
Use of your information
Stored or gathered information help us to improve our website and services. The following list explains you how we may use your data.
Any requests made on the website or by any other forms, such as email or support form will be used for the website and our services. We may send you information about products and services that might interest you, as long as you agree.
Contractual obligations: to meet all commitments we make to you.
Changes or improvements of the website may justify using your information.
Any users may be contacted regarding products or services related to any elements of the previous sales on our website.
We may use data or allow third parties to use informations that are not linked to goods or services that you may be interested in. We or third parties will contact you if you have agreed it, and based on information we have gathered.
Any new client may be contact only by us or third parties if they agreed it on our website. We only send information if you agreed it.
Anyone that do not want to agree that we or third parties use information can refuse it. When we receive your agreement cancellation, we will remove your information from the list of distribution or communication of third parties.
No shared information may help to identify our users. They are only statistic information. We will never reveal your identity, if we know it, only statistic information will be shared.
Data stored
All data are stored on our servers located in Europe. Our provider is OVH - 2 rue Kellerman - 509100 Roubaix - France
All payment data are secured and encrypted by Paypal. No related information to your credit card or such will be stored on our servers. Only Paypal is responsible of the storage of your payment information.
Transmitting information It is possible that we shared personal detailed to persons that belong to our group. It may be a subsidiary, holding company or other subsidiaries involved in our company. Everyone included in this list has sign confidentiality clause.
Sharing information to a third party may occur for the following reasons:
If at anytime, regarding the law, we must give information about you, we will legally be forced to do so and to collaborate with the authorities.
If we note links that may redirect on child pornography content, terrorism, or any other illegal content, we will give information about you without any notice. We would like that our website stay safe and pleasant for the good of all. We will stand against that kind of behavior by any means.
Contact us Do not hesitate to contact us in case of problem, questions or even comments that you may have regarding our privacy policy. You may contact us here: cliquez ici
