The following text is extracted and transformed from the erank.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for eRank.com
eRank.com , LLC has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: eRank.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.  This information may be used to refine the marketing strategy and product selection for this site.
Advertisers
Third Party Advertising
We use Maxworldwide and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone
number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here < http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp>
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this Web site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. eRank.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
This site has special relationships - such as "Powered by" partners, content providers, business partners, cobranded sites - with other sites. eRank.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Children's Guidelines
We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent.
We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent
When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as email) to:
Respond directly to the child's request on a one-time basis and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes.
Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification.
Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity.
We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service.
We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable information collected from their child.
We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected.
We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are unsuitable for children.
We will encourage children to get their parent's permission before sharing personal information online.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can click here.
