The following text is extracted and transformed from the bakkersbonus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
BakkersBonus | Sam Bakker
We collect personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you use when you: use our Website or our Services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in a community board discussion chat, or when you otherwise correspond with us.
Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses when you register for an account with us.
Bidding, buying, or selling information you provide during a transaction, or other transaction-based content that you generate or that is connected to your account as a result of a transaction you are involved in.
Financial information (such as credit card or bank account numbers) in connection with a transaction.
Information you provide directly:
We collect information directly from you when you choose to participate in our offers and programs or otherwise provide information directly to us. The following are examples of information we may collect directly from you:
Information we collect when you visit our sites, use our services, or view our online advertisements:
We may use cookies, web beacons, personalized re-targeting and other technologies to collect non-personal information about you when you visit our site, use our services, or view online advertisements. We use these technologies to provide you a more personalized and richer consumer experience at http://bakkersbonus.com. We do not store any of your personal information in cookies, web beacons or other technologies on your computer.
Third party vendors, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to a website. This lets companies provide you with targeted advertisements which are more relevant to you and your interests. Often called "interest based advertising" it is done by grouping together shared interests based upon previous web browsing activity.
The Site may use other tracking tools, including web beacons. Web beacons are images on the Site (or in emails that the Site sends to you) that help us determine what parts of the Site you have visited, whether you have opened an email that we have sent to you, or otherwise to measure the effectiveness of the Site. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information directly to us or to a service provider authorized by us to collect information on our behalf.
The following are examples of information we may collect with these technologies:
Your browser type and operating system.
Web pages you view.
Links you click.
IP address.
Site you visited before coming to our site.
Sam Bakker Consulting Group emails you open and/or forward
Sam Bakker Consulting Group offers or links you connect to via emails.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including social media sharing sites and commercially available sources, such as data aggregators and public databases.
**When We disclose your Personal Information.  **
We take very seriously our responsibility to maintain your privacy with respect to your information. Accordingly, we will only share that information under these circumstances:
- with entities that provide services on our behalf, including website development, maintenance and support, payment processing, email distribution, and promotions management, only to the extent that these entities need the information to perform their services or as required by law, unless any additional use or sharing of the information is separately permitted under another provision of this Privacy Policy
with identified entities whose products or services you specifically use or request to receive while you use the Site;
when we believe that doing so is required by law, may be necessary to protect any person's property, rights, or safety, or to investigate a potential violation of law
when to do so will help to enforce any terms of use or other legal agreement, or will help resolve disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business
in the event of a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale;
in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable form; or
in accordance with your consent.
We may collect information about you from a variety of sources, including information we collect from you directly; information we collect about you when you visit our sites, use our services, or view our online advertisements; and information we collect about you from other sources (where permitted by law).
To help us monitor, analyze and improve our Services;
To obtain payment for product or service orders;
To fulfill product or service orders;
To provide you with a more personalized and valuable experience;
To send you details about our Services and other information we feel is of value to you, where you have signed up to receive such marketing communications;
To help sell online advertising space. To be able to do these things, it's important we collect and analyze data including who our users are and how they use our Services.
