The following text is extracted and transformed from the bearville.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-21. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Build-A-Bear Workshop US
*  About Us
*  Guest Services
FAQs
Shipping Information
Build-A-Party
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Supply Chain
Contact Us
Our Products
Build-A-Bear Workshop Privacy Policy - effective January 1st, 2014
Scope: This Privacy Statement applies to websites and retail stores operated by or on behalf of Build-A-Bear Workshop and its Affiliates worldwide.
Personal Information:
We collect the information you provide to us, such as your name, your postal address or email address, gender or date of birth.
We collect non-personal information such as browser type and web pages visited to help manage our websites and to improve your overall experience.
We use cookies and web beacons to manage our email programs and website. We do NOT use these technologies to collect or to store personal information.
Click here for more information.
Uses:
We use the information you provide to register your friends in our ID tracking programs.
We use the information you provide to create certificates for your new friends.
We use the information you provide to place orders or book parties on our websites.
If you tell us to, we will send you information about promotions and other marketing events via mail and email.
We do NOT share your information with unrelated third parties for their marketing purposes.
We use personal information consistent with the purpose you provided it to us.
Click here for more information.
Important Information:
Build-A-Bear Workshop respects your privacy, and we will do our best to earn and keep your trust.
Build-A-Bear Workshop complies with country data protection laws.
Build-A-Bear Workshop complies with COPPA requirements.
Click here for more information about COPPA.
How to Contact Us:
Write, call or email us at:
In the US and Canada:
Privacy Officer
Build-A-Bear Workshop
1954 Innerbelt Business Center Drive
St. Louis, MO 63114-5760
Email: privacy@buildabear.com
Telephone: 1-877-789-BEAR (2327)
In the United Kingdom:
Privacy Officer
Build-A-Bear Workshop UK & Eire
St. Stephens House, Arthur Road
Windsor, Berkshire SL4 RU
Email: privacy@buildabear.co.uk
Telephone: 0870 2245130
