The following text is extracted and transformed from the aspsnippets.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
ASP Snippets
ASPSnippets.com makes sure that the privacy of all its registered users is secured. Whatever information gathered to identify the user to get its personal information and location is stored under the following security guidelines. The Privacy Policy of this website will be updated from time to time and hence please read this page in order to keep you updated with the changes.
What information collected?
We collect your name, e-mail address and IP-address when you post comments. When using article demo you might be prompted to login to Third Party sites such as Facebook, Google, Twitter or Linkedin. This is solely used for display purpose during the demo and the site does not store any information submitted.
Why do we collect this information?
1. Your name and e-mail address are used to notify you when the Author replies to your comment through e-mails.
2. Your IP-address may be used to determine your location such as your city and country as this helps us serve you better.
3. We do not sell, lease or distribute your personal information to any other company or organization unless it is permitted by you and/or it is required by the government agencies.
Content
ASPSnippets.com is a free blog for ASP.Net. You may choose to use the works in your projects at your own risk and nor ASPSnippets.com or its users are not responsible if it does not work as intended.
Google Analytics
This site uses Gogole Analytics for tracking the website traffic.
This information may include various information, not necessarily limited to information like user's browser, device and location.
Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information form user's browser for doing this. All the collected data is stored on Google's servers.
Google Analytics Privacy Policy
Advertisements
Various Ad Networs display advertisements on this website.
We use Google Adsense and Developer Media Ad Network for this.
All Ad Networks use cookies to collect information from users browser for showing targeted advertisements.
They may also share this information with third parties.
Privacy Policies:
Developer Media
Google Adsense
Third-parties and Opt-Out:
Third-parties may display interest-based advertising to you in applications or websites, based on your use of applications or websites over time and across non-affiliated apps.
Such third-parties may combine and use information from websites or applications on your current browser or device with information from your other browsers or devices for advertising purposes.
To opt-out of such interest-based advertising and/or cross-device targeting, please use the methods provided below for opting out on each of your browsers and on each of your devices:
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance Canada (DAAC)
Digital Advertising Alliance EU (EDAA)
Contact
If you have any objections regarding the website content, its external links, users or your information privacy, please don’t hesitate to contact us.
