The following text is extracted and transformed from the buzzspeed.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-12. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Legendary Speed, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: LegendarySpeed.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
and to administer our Web site.
Our site uses cookies to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly.
This site contains links to other sites. LegendarySpeed.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact
Webmaster Legendary Speed, Inc. 2600 L Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 contact us
LEGENDARYFIND.COM WORKS WITH A THIRD PARTY THAT SERVES ADS TO THIS SITE.
See: Google Adsense
See: MochiMedia
See: CPMStar and Third Party
See: AdEngage
See: ValueClick
See: YieldManager
See: Jambo Media
See: Casale Media
See: Traffic Marketplace
See: 24/7 Real Media
See: Hooked Media Group
See: Unified Cookie Opt-Out System which includes some of our advertisers.
