The following text is extracted and transformed from the pollypocket.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-29. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Mattel Online Privacy Statement
Mattel Online Privacy Statement
Updated Dec 20, 2019
Your privacy is important to us at the Mattel family of companies. This privacy statement describes the information Mattel collects from you, and how we use that information. It also describes what information third parties collect from you, and how we and they use that information. Key terms are italicized ( like this) and can be found in the DEFINITIONS section. We will provide a link to these key terms the first time they appear in this privacy statement. This privacy statement provides examples of data we collect, how we use it, and choices you can exercise. These examples may not be exhaustive or exclusive.
Except where otherwise specified, this statement applies to Mattel Services, including Mattel Sites, apps, mobile apps, online services, and connected products on which this statement is posted or otherwise referenced. Mattel Sites are also subject to the MATTEL TERMS AND CONDITIONS. Other terms, end-user license agreements, or additional rules may apply. Each time you use Mattel Services , you agree to this statement. If you don’t agree with all the terms of this privacy statement, please do not use Mattel Services.
We want you and your family to have fun using our services and urge you and your family to follow common sense when disclosing personal information, both through our services and anywhere else.
Children’s Privacy
We at Mattel pride ourselves on helping bring delight to children around the world and take our responsibility to children seriously. Please visit the MATTEL CHILDREN'S PRIVACY STATEMENT for specific details on our children's privacy practices.
Child/children (kid/kids). Individuals who are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information. ****For most areas of the world, including the United States, those are individuals under 13. In the European Economic Area (EEA), they are individuals under 16, depending on the Member State. We adhere to local definitions of “children” for Mattel Services located in jurisdictions where the age is different.
Information. Data we collect. It includes, in alphabetical order:
Automatically collected information. Information automatically collected when you use Mattel Services, including information to facilitate your experience and help us understand our visitors, like your device information, information about the network you are using to access Mattel Services (such as preferred language or online sites or services visited before you visit a Mattel Service), and content (including ads) that you see or click on.
Device information. Information about the device, browser, or app you are using to access a Mattel Service, such as operating system, browser information, Internet Protocol (IP) address, Universal Device Identifiers (UDID), and similar information.
Interest or demographic information. Information about a user’s favorite games, colors, Mattel characters, and similar preferences; or information about a visitor or user, such as gender, age, education, profession, occupation, or other information.
Location information. Information that allows you to be precisely located, such as through GPS coordinates on a mobile app.
Login information. Information to identify and validate a user to allow access to a Mattel Service. For children, this is usually a user name and password. For adults, this is usually a password plus some personal contact information, like an email address.
Order information. Information provided to purchase a product or Mattel Service, including details necessary to fulfill the transaction, such as products ordered, payment information, and personal contact information.
Payment information. Credit card numbers or other financial institution-issued information provided to complete a transaction, including (as applicable) personal contact information.
Personal information. Information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, address, email address, device identifier, telephone number, or assigned identifier. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, this anonymous information also is treated as personal information.
For children, personal information also includes photos, video, and audio of the child.
Personal contact information. Information that allows us to contact you directly, such as your full name, email address, home address, telephone number, mobile number, etc.
Survey information. Answers to surveys or questionnaires voluntarily provided.
Social sign-on information. Login information and other information (such as friend lists) from a social network that a user chooses to share with Mattel to access a Mattel Service or Mattel Site.
Third-party–provided information. Data shared with the Mattel family of companies through a third party.
User-generated content. Information you post or upload, like reviews, comments, videos or pictures, or social media interactions. Read more at USER-GENERATED CONTENT.
Interest-based advertising. Targeted ads for products and services that, based on your activities, are likely to be of interest to you.
Mattel family of companies. When we refer to the Mattel family of companies in this statement, we mean:
Mattel, Inc.,
Fisher-Price, Inc.,
American Girl Brands, LLC,
HIT Entertainment Limited, and
Mega Brands Inc.
Mattel Sites. Websites offered by the Mattel family of companies. See MATTEL SERVICES.
Mattel Services. All online services offered by the Mattel family of companies , including websites (Mattel Sites), apps, and connected products. Read more at MATTEL SERVICES.
Third party. A company unrelated to the Mattel family of companies , including third-party sites that we link to, or third parties that operate online stores or mobile app stores. Read more at LINKS AND THIRD PARTIES.
Third-party partner or third-party service provider. A third party that Mattel has engaged to help it provide Mattel Services, including agents, vendors, service providers, and others.
Third-party technology partners. Third parties whose technologies we use to offer content, understand our users, and deliver advertising.
Mattel Services are online services offered by the Mattel family of companies , including: Mattel Sites , Online Stores, Enhanced Mattel Services , apps, and connected products. You may have to interface with a third party to make a purchase, download an app, use a connected product or log into additional services, which may be governed by a separate privacy policy. You may have the opportunity to connect an app or connected product through a wireless service.
Mattel Sites
We offer Mattel Sites that feature games, information, shopping, and other interactive and static activities from the Mattel family of companies.
Some Mattel Sites or areas of sites are intended for children, and some are intended for adults. Learn more about sites for children and specific practices for them at our CHILDREN’S PRIVACY STATEMENT.
You do not have to share any personal contact information to use most Mattel Sites , but most Mattel Sites for adults and teens contain special sections and privileges for members who register.
Online Stores
We offer opportunities to purchase products in our online stores, apps, or through other media or business partners. Online stores are often part of a larger Mattel Site.
Customers must be over the age of 18 with a valid payment method to make a purchase.
When a customer places an order online, we will send a confirming email message.
We may also send periodic emails featuring a special promotion or product that may be of interest to customers.
If you do receive marketing or promotional emails from us that you would rather not receive, simply follow the “unsubscribe” instructions included in each message.
You can also change your communication preferences in MATTEL COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES (except for American Girl) or in AMERICAN GIRL COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES (for American Girl only).
Please note that a request to unsubscribe from marketing or promotional emails will not apply to transactional emails (such as those related to a purchase, paid subscription, or product registration).
Enhanced Mattel Services
Enhanced Mattel Services may be available to you or on behalf of your child for a monthly or other fee with some Mattel Services.
Only a parent or guardian can register children to participate in enhanced subscription Mattel Services or certain community features at Mattel Services.
To register your child , we will ask you to provide your login information in addition to your contact details and credit card information.
We may offer you the option to be billed automatically for subscription service fees.
If you elect to automatically renew a subscription, we or our trusted third-party partners will retain your registration information , including your credit card information, so we can process your request.
Apps
We offer a variety of fun and engaging apps featuring our brands. In some cases, apps may be available through a Mattel Online Store; but most often when you download or purchase an app, or make an in-app purchase, you do so through a third-party mobile application online store. Visit LINKS AND THIRD PARTIES for more information.
Please note: Use of apps may be subject to an End-User License Agreement (EULA) in addition to our standard MATTEL TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Connected Products
Mattel offers parents and children a variety of products that connect to the internet. We sometimes work with third-party partners to offer connected products.
Some connected products are purely for parents’ use, such as certain Fisher Price products that parents use with infants and toddlers.
Use of connected products typically requires downloading an associated app.
Privacy practices for some connected products are the responsibility of a third party.
We provide FAQS and other information to help you understand specific connected product features (for example, whether they collect voice or visual data, who’s responsible for privacy, and what information we collect).
Wireless Services
We may communicate with you on your mobile device. To receive Mattel Services through a wireless connection, visitors must provide their consent and confirm their understanding that they will be charged by their carrier to send and receive messages according to their applicable service plan. You may be asked to reconfirm such agreement.
Standard messaging rates will apply unless otherwise indicated; if premium rates apply, visitors will be notified before registration.
Mattel is not responsible for wireless service charges, such as messaging fees, associated with accessing or connecting to Mattel Services.
As noted in more detail below, we collect information from you and about you to provide you with Mattel Services. The information we collect depends on the specific Mattel Services involved and the nature of your interaction with us.
We May Collect from You:
Login information.
Personal contact information.
Personal information.
Interest or demographic information.
Automatically collected information.
Device information.
Social sign-on information.
Order information.
Payment information.
A ship-to name and address when you make a purchase and ask us to send it to you or to someone else.
Location information.
The email addresses, user names, or other information about friends to whom you wish to send an e-card or invite to participate in an offering on Mattel Services.
Information about your child (such as your child ’s personal information and personal contact information , including interest or demographic information ).
Information that allows us to confirm that you are the parent or legal guardian of your child , including your age.
User-generated content.
Wi-Fi network name.
Survey information.
We collect information from you in the following circumstances: 1) when you share it voluntarily; 2) to fulfill a transaction; and 3) when we collect it automatically. Please visit our COOKIES AND TECHNOLOGIES STATEMENT for more information on technologies used to collect your information automatically. We also collect information about you from other sources.
We Collect Information That You Share Voluntarily
You can use many of our Mattel Services without sharing any personal contact information. If you choose, you can share personal contact information , personal information , login information , interest or demographic information , or survey information about you or your child with us when you:
Register with a Mattel Service.
Play a game.
Use an interactive activity.
Make a purchase at one of our online stores.
Order a catalogue.
Participate in rewards programs, such as the American Girl Rewards Program.
Enter a sweepstakes or contest.
Sign up to receive information and offers.
Respond to a survey or questionnaire.
Post user-generated content. Special rules apply; read more at USER-GENERATED CONTENT.
We also collect information when you choose to share information about you or your child with us in-person or via other means that do not involve the Mattel Services (such as email or postal mail), including when you:
Purchase items at one of our retail store locations.
Register at or participate in activities, experiences, sweepstakes and other promotions at special events or retail locations of Mattel or a third party.
Participate in Mattel's Imagination Center or other Mattel casting and product testing activities.
We Collect Order Information
When a customer uses the Mattel Services to put an item in a shopping cart, places an order or requests a catalogue online, we collect order information associated with the transaction. This may include personal information about your child.
Customers may register when they place orders to conveniently complete an order and place future orders. When registered customers return to the Mattel Service to place subsequent orders, they can identify themselves with their login information.
We also collect Order Information when you make a purchase at one of our retail store locations.
We Collect Information Automatically When You Access a Mattel Service
We collect some automatically collected information , including device information , to provide you with appropriate Mattel Services or Mattel Sites (for example, in your language) when you use or visit them.
We Collect Information from Other Sources
We may receive third-party–provided information about you from commercial sources. We may combine that information with other personal information about you that we’ve collected.
We may also collect authentication information (for example, to verify that you are an authorized credit card holder).
We collect information from you to serve your needs and fulfill your requests, manage our content and advertising, provide you with information that your or your child may be interested in, operate efficiently, improve Mattel Services and products, and protect our legal rights and the rights of others.
We collect information:
To provide you with Mattel Services.
To respond to your requests.
To verify you or your child ’s age.
To complete a transaction.
To fulfill a transaction.
To confirm your order.
To give you updates about your order status.
To fulfill your free or paid subscriptions.
To notify winners in contests and sweepstakes.
To send you recommendations on Mattel Services of interest to you or your children.
To send you recommendations on products of interest to you or your children.
To send you marketing communications.
To send you catalogues.
To offer interest-based advertising.
To analyze and measure the effectiveness of our advertising.
To support Mattel Services.
To understand our visitors.
To improve our products.
To improve Mattel Services.
To develop new products.
To develop new Mattel Services.
To maintain the security, integrity, and quality of our products and Mattel Services.
To protect intellectual property.
To protect our legal rights.
To protect the legal rights of others.
We may work with third-party partners , including third-party technology partners, for some or all of these purposes. You can learn about some of these third parties by visiting our COOKIES AND TECHNOLOGIES STATEMENT.
We may combine all information we have collected to better understand your needs, improve Mattel Services and operations, manage content and advertising, send you offers and information, and better serve you.
We share information that we obtain within the Mattel family of companies , and with our third-party partners for them to fulfill their tasks on our behalf.
Sharing with Our Third-Party Partners
We may share your information with a variety of third-party partners. They:
Provide database and server maintenance and security.
Help us manage transactions.
Help us process and fulfill orders or requests.
Help us analyze our offerings.
They also provide other similar services to the Mattel family of companies. We require third-party partners that access information to safeguard the information.
Sharing with Third Parties for Marketing Purposes
We share certain names and mailing addresses of catalogue recipients with third parties whose catalogues may be of interest to you. Where required, we obtain your consent first. You can opt out at any time.
With your consent, Mattel shares personal contact information with outside companies that offer products or services that may interest you.
We will remove your name from the list we provide to outside companies if you contact us. Please visit MATTEL COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES (except for American Girl) or AMERICAN GIRL COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES (for American Girl only).
Sharing with Social Networks
If you provide social sign-on information to log in to a Mattel Service or third-party services provided on any Mattel Service , information is shared with your social network, such as the fact that you logged in to a Mattel Service or Mattel Site , or your activity on the Mattel Service or Mattel Site. We may send messages via the social network to communicate with you.
Sharing with Third-Party Technology Partners
We share information about usage and interests that we obtain through cookies and technology with third-party technology partners , and obtain consent if required by applicable law. Find out more at YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROLS and our COOKIES AND TECHNOLOGIES STATEMENT.
Sharing to Protect Legal Rights and Fulfill Legal Obligations
If Mattel believes that anyone’s behavior in any Mattel Service may damage us, Mattel Services , or any person or property, we may disclose personal information to prevent such harm. In that case, we may try to identify the wrongdoer, contact them, or bring legal action against them.
We share any information (including personal information ) we obtain as necessary to satisfy a legal request or subpoena, protect property or personal safety, when a Mattel business is bought or sold, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
Other Sites We Link to
Mattel Services may link to, use or connect with other content or services from the internet. We do not control the data collection practices or terms of use of any third-party site. The third party ’s privacy policy and terms of use apply to those sites.
We may link to social media sites or sites that sell our products.
We may link to other third-party sites or services that we think you may find of interest.
We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policy and terms of use of the third-party providers, as they are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and Mattel is not responsible for them.
You may be able to alter settings on your browser, device, or other software to block those third parties. Sometimes those settings may not be effective.
Third-Party Vendors
When you place an order or register on a Mattel Service where transactions are handled by a third-party vendor (for example, PayPal), those transactions are conducted through the vendor’s website.
You should be sure to review the third party ’s website terms and conditions and privacy policy before submitting any personal information or engaging in any transactions through the third-party site.
Mattel is not responsible for any transactions made with third parties, or for their content, terms and conditions, or privacy policies.
Third-Party Partners and Third-Party Technology Partners
We work with third-party partners to offer Mattel Services. We ask them to carefully handle information that is entrusted to them.
We also work with third-party technology partners to provide content, understand our users, and deliver advertising on our Mattel Sites and on third-party sites. Read more and find out about tools that are available to help you control some of these technologies at our COOKIES AND TECHNOLOGIES STATEMENT.
Mobile App Stores
You may be required to register with and log onto a third party mobile app store before you can download or purchase a Mattel app or make in-app purchases using a Mattel app.
When downloading a Mattel app, or using a Mattel app with online features through your mobile platform, the app provider will typically also collect certain device and app-related information. Mattel does not control the requirements or policies of app stores; you should review the privacy policy and terms of use of the mobile app stores before downloading or using any app and check your device settings for control options.
Mattel Services use technology, like cookies and web beacons, to receive and store certain information. To learn more about these technologies and choices you may have with regard to these technologies, please see our COOKIES AND TECHNOLOGIES STATEMENT.
Your Choices About Communications
If you want to stop receiving promotional updates or product information at any time, you can change your MATTEL COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES or your AMERICAN GIRL COMMUNICATIONS PREFERENCES. Our mailings and email will also include information on how to opt out. Email opt-out requests will be processed in 10 business days. Postal mailing opt-out requests may take longer.
Your Choices and Control About Your Personal Information
As required by applicable law, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information. These may include the ability to access, update, or delete your personal information ; withdraw your consent to our collection or use of your personal information ; object to our processing of your personal information ; request a portable copy of your personal information , or opt out of the "sale" of your personal information. To learn more about how you may exercise these rights, please see the YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS section.
Parental Controls
Parents can access their children’s data and make choices about how Mattel uses that data, including updating or deleting the data, by using the PARENTAL ACCESS FORM. If your child has created an online account through one of our Mattel Sites , you may also have the opportunity to manage your child’s account online.
For more information on children’s privacy, please review our complete CHILDREN’S PRIVACY STATEMENT.
App Controls
With apps, you may be able to:
Use your built-in mobile device settings and controls to:
Manage push notifications.
Manage location information.
Manage or restrict in-app purchases.
Manage camera, microphone, and photo reel, album, or gallery permissions.
Limit the display of interest-based advertising.
Use the settings within an app to limit the display of interest-based advertising.
Block navigation to the web by turning off network access on the device or turning off the browser.
Access to or availability of controls may vary depending on your device and the app you are using.
This section summarizes our CHILDREN’S PRIVACY STATEMENT, which you can review for complete details.
A special note for parents and legal guardians
We take special steps to protect children as defined in this Privacy Statement. Please help us protect your children ’s privacy by teaching them never to provide personal information without your permission.
Protecting children’s privacy
We do not collect personal contact information from children at Mattel Services directed to children without the consent of a parent or legal guardian, except in limited circumstances authorized by law.
We collect some information (like IP address, mobile device UDID, operating system, etc.) automatically and use technology like cookies to provide functionality and support our operations. We obtain consent where required.
We do not ask for more personal information than is necessary for a child to participate in an activity.
We take steps to prevent children from posting or publicly disclosing personal information.
We use monitoring and filtering technology in an effort to prevent children from posting personal information without parental consent at Mattel Services directed to children.
We may require you to provide birthdate and we may automatically process country level location information before you can access a Mattel Service or provide personal information.
Parents can access and ask us to update or delete their children ’s information by using the PARENTAL ACCESS FORM. If your child has created an online account through one of our Mattel Sites , you may also have the opportunity to manage your child’s account online.
For more information on children ’s privacy, please review our complete CHILDREN’S PRIVACY STATEMENT.
Some Mattel Services may offer you the opportunity to upload user-generated content.
Not all Mattel Services allow you to post user-generated content.
Social sharing at Mattel Services directed to children are structured so that no children ’s personal contact information is shared between visitors unless parental consent is obtained.
We do not access your device, camera, microphone, contact list, photos, videos, or audio files unless you consent.
Some of our connected products will not be fully functional if you do not enable the camera or microphone.
Registration of the user, or of a parent on behalf of a child for child -directed Mattel Services , may be required to activate the Mattel Service or access all features.
Special rules may apply to social networking activities. Be sure to carefully review any additional posted rules, as well as our MATTEL TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
We strive to protect the information you provide to us when you use our Mattel Services through commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and organizational safeguards. Please be aware that while we work hard to protect your information, no method is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee that information security measures are failure proof.
We recommend that you learn about and use tools, habits, and practices to protect the security of you and your family. For example, we recommend that you use unique passwords that are hard for others to copy or guess.
Mattel Services , the servers that make Mattel Services available, and databases where we house information may be located in the United States and in other countries that may have privacy laws that differ from where you live.
We take appropriate measures for the cross-border transfer of personal information, including the use of Standard Contractual Clauses or other mechanisms as required by applicable law.
By using Mattel Services , the transfer, collection, processing and use of data will occur as specified in this Privacy Statement, our MATTEL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, and any other terms provided at the time of collection.
If you do not consent to the transfer, collection, processing, or use of this data according to these terms, do not use the Services.
We may update our Privacy Statement from time to time. When this happens, we will notify you by posting the updated statement on our MATTEL SERVICES and obtain your consent where required by law.
If you are a resident of California, a resident of Nevada, or a citizen of a European Economic Area (EEA) Member State, you have certain privacy rights as described in this section.
California Privacy Rights
If you reside in California, we are required to provide additional information to you about how we use and disclose your information. You may also have additional rights with regard to how we use your information. We have included this California-specific information below.
Uses and Disclosure of your information
Consistent with the "When Do We Collect Your Personal Information?" section above, we collect certain categories and specific pieces of information about individuals that are considered "personal information" in California. As detailed above, we may collect this personal information from you and other third parties. We collect, share and disclose personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the "Why Do We Collect Information?" and "Sharing Your Information" sections above.
The following sharing activities are considered a “sale” of personal information under California law. This includes:
When we share information collected from cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as how you interact with our websites and mobile apps, with advertising technology partners in order to create user profiles and present advertising messages based on your preferences; and
When we share certain names and mailing addresses of American Girl catalogue recipients with third parties whose catalogues may be of interest to you.
Deletion, Access, and Information
Subject to certain exceptions, as a California resident, you have the right to: (i) obtain deletion of your personal information; (ii) obtain access to your personal information; and (iii) receive information about the categories of personal information about you that we have "sold" (as that term is defined under California law) to "third parties" (as that term is defined under California law) and also that we have disclosed for a "business purpose" (as that term is defined under California law).
Deletion : If you would like us to delete your personal information, please visit the MATTEL PRIVACY CHOICE PORTAL (except for American Girl) or the AMERICAN GIRL PRIVACY CHOICE PORTAL (for American Girl only) for more information on how you can exercise these rights. You will need to provide us with your email address so that we may verify your request and communicate with you regarding your request.
Access and Information : If you would like to access your personal information or receive information about the categories of personal information about you that we have “sold” as described above, please email us at CALIFORNIAPRIVACY@MATTEL.COM with your request. We will use your email to verify your request and communicate with you regarding your request. If you would like to know if your information has been “sold” when we share certain names and mailing addresses of American Girl catalogue recipients with third parties as described above, you will need to include your first and last name and mailing address in your email so that we may process your request.
You may also contact Mattel at 1-800-524-8697 or American Girl at 1-800-845-0005 for assistance in exercising any of the California rights described above.
Should you wish to request the exercise of these rights as detailed above, we will not discriminate against you by offering you different pricing or products, or by providing you with a different level or quality of products, based solely upon this request.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Subject to certain exceptions, as a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the "sale" of your personal information. To opt out of the "sale" of your personal information as described in this section, please visit the DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION (ADCHOICES) page where you may take the following steps:
_ Mattel Sites__ : For the sale of personal information collected on _Mattel Sites through the use of certain advertising technologies, you may opt out by using the ADCHOICES tool or other instructions presented on the DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION (ADCHOICES) page, including:
Using the opt out instructions provided to you in the THIRD-PARTY TECHNOLOGY LIST;
Visiting https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html for information regarding how you may be able to manage or delete Local shared objects (LSOs); and
Using Internet browser and social media settings.
Keep in mind that, if you opt out of interest-based advertising, you may still see customized advertising displayed by advertising networks from which you have not opted out. In addition, your opt out will not prevent any advertising network from displaying advertising that is not customized to you and your interests and, consequently, may be less relevant to you. Please also note that you will need to make such choices on each browser and device you may use to visit our Sites.
Mobile Apps : For the "sale" of personal information collected on our mobile apps through the use of certain advertising technologies, you may opt out by using the feature for limiting ad tracking on your device (if available) or, as applicable, by using the instructions found in the settings of the app.
Keep in mind that, if you opt out of interest-based advertising, your opt out will not prevent any advertising network from displaying advertising that is not customized to you and your interests and, consequently, may be less relevant to you. Please also note that you may need to revisit such choices if you reset your phone or otherwise turn ad tracking back on in your device settings.
Catalogue : For the “sale” of personal information that occurs when we share certain names and mailing addresses of American Girl catalogue recipients with third parties as described above, you may opt out of the “sale” by providing us with your email address, first and last name and mailing address as detailed in the DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION (ADCHOICES) page. We will use your email to communicate with your regarding your request.
You may also contact Mattel at 1-800-524-8697 or American Girl at 1-800-845-0005 for assistance in exercising you right to opt out of the “sale” of personal information.
California Shine the Light
Under California Civil Code § 1798.83, as a California resident, you may opt out of Mattel disclosing personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. This applies when we share certain names and mailing addresses of American Girl catalogue recipients with third parties whose catalogues may be of interest to you. You may exercise these rights by providing us with your email address, first and last name and mailing address as detailed in the DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION (ADCHOICES) page. We will use your email to communicate with you regarding your request. You may also contact Mattel at 1-800-524-8697 or American Girl at 1-800-845-0005 for assistance in exercising these rights.
Nevada Privacy Rights
Subject to certain exceptions, under Nevada Revised Statutes 603A, Nevada residents may opt out of the “sale” of personal information covered under the statute. This applies when we share certain names and mailing addresses of American Girl catalogue recipients with third parties whose catalogues may be of interest to you. You may exercise these rights by providing us with your email address, first and last name and mailing address as detailed in the DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION (ADCHOICES) page. You may also contact Mattel at 1-800-524-8697 or American Girl at 1-800-845-0005 for assistance in exercising these rights.
European Privacy Rights
If you are a citizen of a European Economic Area (EEA) Member State, you can exercise your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) by visiting the MATTEL PRIVACY CHOICE PORTAL (except for American Girl) or the AMERICAN GIRL PRIVACY CHOICE PORTAL (for American Girl only). You can also contact supervisory authorities within the EEA, including in your own Member State, about concerns you have related to Mattel’s privacy practices. The lead supervisory authority for Mattel Services offered in the EEA is the Dutch Data Protection Authority, the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens.
We do not take action to respond to do not track signals available on some browsers.
Some web browsers may transmit “do not track” signals. Web browsers may incorporate or activate these features differently, making it unclear if users have consciously activated them. As a result, at this time we do not take steps to respond to such signals. You can manage your cookie preferences using your own browser settings to accept or block some or all cookies or receive notice so you can consent to cookies. If you block all cookies some features of Mattel Sites may be unavailable to you.
Mattel Services that feature the following seals are certified by the respective organizations:
Entertainment Software Rating Board Privacy Certified Program
ESRB Privacy Certified Program
Mattel is a valid licensee, and participating member in good standing of the ENTERTAINMENT SOFTWARE RATING BOARD’S PRIVACY CERTIFIED PROGRAM (“ESRB Privacy Certified”). ESRB Privacy Certified seals appear on the Mattel Services that participate in the program. The ESRB’s Privacy Certified Program is designed to ensure that our information disclosure practices are responsible and appropriate.
To help protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and have had Mattel Services where the ESRB Privacy Certified seal is posted reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online information collection, use, and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy program, we are subject to audits of services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB.
If you believe that we have not responded to your privacy-related inquiry about a Mattel Service or Mattel Site that bears an ESRB Privacy Certified seal or your inquiry about a Mattel Service or Mattel Site has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB at http://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact/ or:
ESRB
Attn: Privacy Certified Program
420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2240 New York, NY 10170
privacy@esrb.org
ESRB is not affiliated with Mattel and cannot help you with non-privacy-related issues.
