The following text is extracted and transformed from the fmclassifieds.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
fmclassifieds.com - PRIVACY
OUR PRIVACY POLICY fmclassifieds.com is owned and operated by UK-FREEMARKET LTD, a limited liabilility company incorporated in England and Wales. We respect your privacy regarding the personal data we collect from you through our online forms. We do not divulge any personal data we hold about you to third parties without your consent, except in certain circumstances where we are legally obliged to do so. WHAT DATA WE COLLECT
We collect the following data from users through our online forms.
1. Name
2. Email Address
3. Name of Local Area
4. Post Code
5. Gender
6. Telephone No
7. Log on password
WHERE OUR DATA IS HOSTED
Our website is hosted and supported by JustHost, the No 1 Best Host of the year 2010 and still a top ranking hosting company in the world. They always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, to ensure the integrity and safety of the data.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE DATA
We use the data we collect for the following purposes.
(1) To communicate information to users regarding our services.
(2) To help resolve complaints and disputes regarding our services.
(3) To help improve our services.
(4) To provide information about users' adverts posted on our website.
WHAT WE DO NOT DO WITH THE DATA
We do not sell users' personal data to marketers nor divulge them to third parties without the users' consent. We may only disclose such information if obliged to do so for legal reasons.
HOW WE SECURE THE DATA
Webfusion takes customer confidentiality and security very seriously. They have implemented appropriate internal security procedures that restrict access to and disclosure of personal data. These procedures are reviewed from time to time to determine whether they are being complied with and are effective.
CHANGES AND MODIFICATIONS TO DATA
We have made provision for users to edit or amend their personal and advert details by logging in to their 'My Account' with their email address and password. We may also make modifications at users' request.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
We may amend this policy as and when necessary to ensure its effectiveness and relevance, or to reflect amendments to applicable laws.
