The following text is extracted and transformed from the sdtimes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-12-04. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
SD Times: Privacy Policy
**** Privacy Policy
BZ Media LLC recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information provided by visitors to our Web sites. We have created the following guidelines to demonstrate our commitment to the issue of privacy.
Our Web server automatically recognizes and collects the domain name and IP address of visitors to our Web sites. In addition, we collect aggregate information on which Web pages visitors access or visit. We collect e-mail addresses of visitors who voluntarily subscribe to our publications or voluntarily register on our Web sites. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and to contact visitors about products and services as explained below.
Our Web site may use cookies to store your user name and password to make it more convenient for you to access our sites. It is not necessary for your browser to accept cookies to access our Web sites.
From time to time, e-mail addresses mailing addresses, and telephone numbers provided by site visitors and subscribers to our publications may be used for promotional purposes by BZ Media and other reputable organizations.
You may indicate that you do not wish to receive e-mail from other organizations at the time of registration, or by sending a message to
privacy@bzmedia.com indicating such.
Similarly, if you do not wish to be contacted by other organizations by mail or phone, send your name, address and telephone number to
privacy@bzmedia.com, and we will remove your name from the list we share with other organizations.
This privacy policy is subject to change without notice. If our privacy policy changes, we will post the new policy on our Web sites. You will always have the ability to opt out of these new uses.
BZ Media takes every precaution to protect users' information from unauthorized use. If you feel that BZ Media is not following this privacy policy, or if you have any questions, please contact us at:
BZ Media LLC
2 East Main Street
Oyster Bay, NY 11771
e-mail:
privacy@bzmedia.com
Phone: 516-922-2101
news | current issue | back issues | columns | opinions | resource links
about | site map | subscriptions | media kit | contact us
Copyright © 1999-2003 BZ Media, LLC, all rights reserved.
Phone: 516-922-2101 • E-mail: info@bzmedia.com
