The following text is extracted and transformed from the kodakgallery.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2012-02-16. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Summary Online Privacy Notice
(Updated - December 29, 2011) |  This statement applies to information collected about consumers on the kodak.com and kodakgallery.com websites. For exceptions, Click here. Kodak.com and kodakgallery.com is also referred to as "Kodak", 'we' and "us" in this notice.
---|---
We collect information you choose to submit during your registration.
We use common internet technologies, such as cookies and beacons, on our websites and emails.
We sometimes obtain additional information about you, such as your demographic and lifestyle information, from other sources.
For more information about our information collection practices please Click here.
We use the information you submit to provide you with services you request.
We use information about you to provide offers and information regarding Kodak products and services. Click here for more information.
We do not share your information with, or sell it to, other marketers without your permission. We may share your information with affiliates as well as vendors we've hired to assist in providing products and services. Click here for more information.
You may request to be removed from our programs by clicking this link.
You may request access to personal information you have submitted to kodak.com by clicking this link.
You may access personal information you have submitted to kodakgallery.com by clicking this link.
|
For more information about our Privacy Notice, go to the privacy statement on our website at:
http://www.kodak.com/go/privacypolicy
Or write us at:
Eastman Kodak Company
Online Privacy Office
343 State Street
Rochester, NY 14650-0218
Our Privacy Notice is reviewed and enforced by the Direct Marketing Association. Kodak participates in the EU/Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Program.
