The following text is extracted and transformed from the coveredca.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-21. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy & Practices | Covered California™
Your Information. Your Rights. Our Responsibilities.
At Covered California, our philosophy is “Consumers First.” Every decision we make is based upon that fundamental principle, including how we collect, maintain and utilize your personal information. We want you to enroll with confidence and to be informed and empowered with regard to your personal privacy.
Simply put:
We will not collect personal information from you without your knowledge or consent.
We will not knowingly disclose your personal information to a third party, except as provided in this privacy policy.
We will allow you to inspect and correct your personal information.
We will take any and all reasonable measures to protect the security of any personal information you provide.
We will notify you if we ever suspect that the privacy of any personal information you provide may have been compromised.
View or download a copy of the Covered California Privacy Policy or Terms of Use:
Covered California Privacy Policy (PDF)
Covered California Terms of Use (PDF)
Please click on the topic headings below to access additional Privacy Office-related information.
You have the right to access and inspect any record containing your personal information at any time. If you would like to access and inspect your Covered California records, please either:
Log into your online account for immediate access, or
Contact the Covered California Service Center at (800) 300-1506; or
If you are unable to access the information you need, submit a written request by downloading and submitting the form below.
“Request to Access and Inspect PII Records” Form (PDF)
You have the right to request an amendment or update of any of your personal information which Covered California may have on file at any time. To ensure that you are able to amend and update your personal information in a timely manner, we strongly recommend that you access your records via one of the first two methods below.
For immediate access, log into your online account.
For additional help, contact the Covered California Service Center at (800) 300-1506 for assistance.
If you prefer, you may also download and submit a written request to the Covered California Privacy Office. Your personal information will be updated within 30 days of receipt. If we are unable to grant your request, you will be notified within 30 days, and we will provide you the contact information needed for you to request a review of this decision.
“Request to Amend” form  (PDF)
“Request to Amend by a Parent, Guardian, or Personal Representative” form  (PDF)
You have the right to specify how you would like Covered California to contact you should we need to do so or to update your preferred method of contact at any time. Should you wish to do so, please:
Log into your online account.
Contact the Covered California Service Center at (800) 300-1506 for assistance.
You have the right to obtain a report from Covered California that identifies any disclosures made of your personal information to third parties. This report will identify the date your personal information was disclosed, the person or agency to which it was disclosed and the purpose of the disclosure. If you would like to request an accounting of any disclosures made of your personal information, please download and submit your written request to the Covered California Privacy Office.
“Request an Accounting” form (PDF)
“Request an Accounting by a Parent, Guardian, or Personal Representative” form (PDF)
To notify Covered California about the passing of an enrolled consumer, please download, complete and return the form below that best addresses your situation:
Courtesy Notification of Deceased — Please complete this form to provide Covered California with a courtesy notification for the deceased enrollee.
Notification of Deceased by an Enrolled Member — Please complete this form if you are listed on the account and wish to report the death of the primary account holder or another enrollee listed on the account.
Notification of Deceased by an Estate Representative — Please complete this form if you have legal authority to act on behalf of the deceased consumer’s estate.
Covered California’s Healthcare Evidence Initiative uses data to improve the patient experience of care, and lower costs for consumers. If you are currently enrolled in a Covered California qualified health plan, you may request that information about you and your household members not be used for Covered California’s Healthcare Evidence Initiative. While the Healthcare Evidence Initiative is designed to ensure that information about you remains anonymous, your decision to opt out will prevent information about you or your household from being used for this purpose. Your decision to opt out will not in any way affect your coverage or your right to receive services through Covered California. Opt-out requests will take effect in the month after they are received from Covered California, and remain in effect for the consumer’s case ID into future years. If you’d like to opt out of the Healthcare Evidence Initiative, please download and submit the written request below.
Opt-Out of the Covered California Health Evidence Initiative (PDF) – Please complete and submit this form if you would like to opt out of having your household information used for the Covered California Healthcare Evidence Initiative.
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please feel free to contact the Covered California Privacy Office via one of the following methods:
By email: PrivacyOfficer@covered.ca.gov
By phone: (800) 889-3871. (Please leave a message with your name and phone number.)
By U.S. Mail:
Privacy Officer
1601 Exposition Blvd.
Sacramento, CA 95815
