The following text is extracted and transformed from the flashcoms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-03. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Private policy
|
|  |
Flashcoms Privacy Policy Covers:
This Privacy Policy covers Flashcoms' treatment of personally identifiable information that is collected when you are on the flashcoms.com web site.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Flashcoms does not own or control, or to people that Flashcoms does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use:
Flashcoms collects personally identifiable information when you register to use the Flashcoms site.
When you become a client, we ask for your name, address, email address, and additional information that we reserve the right to add to or remove at any time. Once you register with Flashcoms and log onto to the clients area you are not anonymous to us.
Flashcoms reserves the rights to receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP Address, Flashcoms cookie information (if implemented) and the page you requested.
Information Sharing and Disclosure:
Flashcoms will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Flashcoms may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
a. We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
b. We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or
c. We find that your actions on our web sites violate the Flashcoms Client Agreement, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Cookies:
Flashcoms reserves the right to set and access Flashcoms cookies on your computer.
Your Ability to Edit/Delete Your Account Information:
Flashcoms gives you the ability to edit your Personal Information and preferences at any time.
Security:
Your Flashcoms Account Information is password-protected for your privacy and security.
In certain areas Flashcoms may use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
Flashcoms may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you either by email or by posting a prominent announcement on our site.
Questions or Suggestions:
If you have questions or suggestions please email us at support@flashcoms.com
|
---|---
|  |
