The following text is extracted and transformed from the galaxymacau.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-15. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy & Policy | Galaxy Macau, the World-Class Asian Resort Destination
Privacy Policy
Latest Update: May 24, 2019
Galaxy Entertainment Group Limited (and its subsidiaries, hereinafter referred to as the "Company" or "We") is committed to protecting the personal data of its customers ("Data").
This Privacy Policy sets out how we, as a group and as individual companies, collect and use your Data and your rights in relation to Data.
WHAT DATA WE COLLECT
We may obtain your Data through various ways, for example, through our websites, mobile applications and other media including printed forms.
From time to time, we may collect certain personal data about you, for instance, for providing our products or services, or for responding to comments or enquiries.  We will inform you at the time your information is collected whether certain data is compulsory and the consequences of the failure to provide such data.
The categories of data that we collect from you include:
Personal details such as name, gender, age.
Contact details such as correspondence address, telephone number, email address.
Transactional information (e.g. your credit card information for processing your booking).
Your preferences for particular products or services.
We may collect certain technical information from your computer or device through the use of "cookies" or other technologies.  Such information may include:
Browser details (e.g. Internet Protocol address, browser type).
Device details (e.g. device model, MAC address, advertising identifier, operating system).
Location information of your device.
Cookies are text files placed in your computer's Internet browser.  Some cookies are served directly by us, and others are served by third parties, such as by advertising and data analytics providers.  Please refer to our Cookie Notice for more details.
We do not normally collect or process data concerning race, ethnic origin, politics, religion, health, sexual orientation, etc.
HOW WE USE THE DATA
We limit the collection and use of your Data to the specific information we need to administer our business and provide highest quality services to our customers.
We may use the Data for one or more of the following purposes:
to process reservation and/or purchase of goods or services;
to confirm food and beverage and other entertainment arrangements including restaurants, cinemas, shows, events and packages reservations;
to confirm travel arrangements including transport and hotel room reservation;
to process billing and payment;
for communications with users and us about our services;
for identification and verification purposes;
for marketing purposes (subject to your consent) such as to operate our online marketing campaigns and promotional programmes, including notifying winners, informing and providing entitlements to discounts, benefits, entitlements, privileges and promotions etc.;
to handle enquiries and complaints;
to notify winners, informing and providing entitlements to discounts, benefits, entitlements, privileges and promotions etc.;
for customer surveys to understand our customer’s desires and needs better;  researching and/or designing products and/or services for customers, and promoting, improving and furthering the provision of products and/or services;
for our own reference and record and for internal operational and administration purposes, including statistical analysis (including behaviour analysis and evaluation);
to comply with any obligations, requirements or arrangements for disclosing and using the Data that apply to us, our subsidiaries and/or affiliates or are expected to comply with, according to any applicable law or regulation;
any purposes directly related to, or in connection with, any of the above paragraphs.
TRANSFER OF DATA
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection, we do not sell or trade your Data.
We may share the Data with our employees, agents, contractors, subsidiaries, affiliates and/or third party providers who are under a duty of confidentiality to us, for the purposes set out in Section 2.
We may also disclose the Data when required by law or court order, or as requested by any government or law enforcement authorities, or in good faith that disclosure is necessary or advisable to protect the legitimate rights or properties of us or other persons.
By providing to us your Data, you consent to the processing of such Data for the purposes referred in this Privacy Policy and to its disclosure to our employees, agents, contractors, subsidiaries, affiliates and third party providers in other jurisdictions.
Because we operate as a global business, the recipients of the Data referred to above may be located outside the jurisdiction in which you are located.  We will endeavour to put in place appropriate safeguards in accordance with applicable legal requirements in relation to such transfer.
DATA RETENTION AND PROTECTION
We will not keep or store Data longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it is collected.
We take all reasonable steps to enhance the security of Data.
DIRECT MARKETING ACTIVITIES
We intend to use your Data for direct marketing purposes and will seek your consent before we do so. These direct marketing materials cover our marketing campaigns and promotional programmes, in relation to products and services such as hotels, hospitality, travel and transports, retail, gaming, entertainment, food and beverage, other entertainment arrangements including restaurants, cinemas, shows, events and packages reservations, and any other products and services we may provide to you from time to time.
If you no longer want your Data to be used for the purposes of direct marketing activities, please write to us or send us an email at notifying us that you do not wish your Data to be used for such purposes.
You may exercise your right to opt-out at any time.
RIGHTS OF ACCESS AND CORRECTION OF DATA
You may request access to and correction of your Data.
To exercise this right, please write to the Company or email us at info@galaxyentertainment.com.  We will respond to the data access request or the data correction request in accordance with the applicable law after its receipt of the same and may impose a fee for complying with such request.
AGE POLICY
Pursuant to the laws of Macau, you are reminded that persons under the age of twenty one (21) are not permitted to enter into the casino areas. Other jurisdictions may have other age limitations on activities or information that may be discussed or included in the websites.
It is your sole responsibility to ensure that your jurisdiction does not have any applicable restrictions on age that would otherwise limit your ability in browsing, using, or otherwise retrieving information through this website and our other websites. In case of doubt, it is advised that you consult with your local authority or legal advisor for further clarification.
LANGUAGE
To the extent that there are any inconsistencies between the English and Chinese versions of this Privacy Policy, the English version shall prevail.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we change this privacy notice, we will post a notice on our websites or otherwise notify you of the changes.
We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you are aware of the most recent version.
GET IN TOUCH
If you have any comments or opinions, or concerns regarding the way your Data is used, please do not hesitate to email us or call our Guest Relations Hotline +853 8883 3998.
