The following text is extracted and transformed from the igenic.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-09-07. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement - IGENIC Technology
IGENIC.NET PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to IGENIC.NET. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that IGENIC.NET collects, and the ways in which IGENIC.NET uses that personal information.
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available athttp://www.freenetlaw.com
Personal information collection
IGENIC.NET may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website including you visited pages, bounce rates and your browser details.
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website including your name, email address and contact detail.
information about transactions carried out over this website using 3rd party payment gateways i.e PayPal, 2CO etc.
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services including contact form submitted data and newsletter subscription details and
any other information that you send to IGENIC.NET by direct email message or postal address.
Using personal information
IGENIC.NET may use your personal information to:
administer this website
personalize the website for you
enable your access to and use of the website services
publish information about you on the website
send to you products that you purchase
supply to you services that you purchase
send to you statements and invoices
collect payments from you; and
send you marketing communications.
Where IGENIC.NET discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, IGENIC.NET may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
IGENIC.NET will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
IGENIC.NET will store all the personal information you provide [on its secure servers].
[Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.]
Cross-border data transfers
Information that IGENIC.NET collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which IGENIC.NET operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit by commenting or participating in public discussion for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
About cookies
IGENIC.NET website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to  IGENIC.NET ‘s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Cookies are files sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers.
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers.
There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Google cookies
IGENIC.NET  uses Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
IGENIC.NET publishes Google Adsense interest-based advertisements on this website. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour across the web using cookies. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser using Google’s Ads Preference Manager, available at: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
You can opt-out of the Adsense partner network cookie at: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html However, this opt-out mechanism uses a cookie, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you should use the Google browser plug-in available at: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/plugin
Third party cookies
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices.  IGENIC.NET ’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
Some of the leading sites used to monetize websites are linked on this page, where you can view each of their respective Privacy Policies.
Amazon Privacy Policy
Yahoo! Privacy Policy
Commission Junction Privacy Policy
Clickbank Privacy Policy
Linkshare Privacy Policy
Refusing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.
In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.
In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”.
Blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of some websites.
Updating this statement
IGENIC.NET may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
IGENIC.NET is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact IGENIC.NET
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or IGENIC.NET’s treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to admin @  igenic.net  or fill contact form
You can also post to:
IGENIC.NET
214 Sector B
Phase VIII Bahria Town
Rawalpindi, 44000
Pakistan
