The following text is extracted and transformed from the sciencegeek.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
European Union GDPR Accomodations
There are neither memberships nor registrations at this site. I personally collect no personal information on the users of this site. If you block the use of cookies on this site, you will only lose a small amount of functionality when re-visiting some of the newer quizzes. You will find directly below the information on accomodations I have made to Google Ads for users of this site from the European Union. The remainder of the information on use of cookies and external links applies equally to all users, regardless of the origin of their web traffic.
Google will show all users in the EEA only non-personalized ads. Non-personalized ads are targeted using contextual information rather than the past behavior of a user. Although these ads don’t use cookies for ads personalization, they do use cookies to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.
Google Ads(Non-European Union)
I use GoogleAds to serve ads when you visit my website. Google may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google, click here..
Google Analytics
Google Analytics uses cookies to provide information on website traffic, such as the geographic origin of users, duration of visits, and pages visited..
iSpring Quizzes
The HTML5 compliant quizzes on this site use a cookie to bookmark your progress when taking one of the quizzes. The sole purpose of the cookie is to allow you to stop work on a quiz, and then begin again where you left off during another session.
Pearson Online Textbook
I maintain a link to our the online chemistry textbook for our General Chemistry course. The website for the textbook is maintained by PearsonSuccessnet.com. Please review their privacy policies, as I have no responsibility for that site other than providing the link.
PowerSchool Grades
Course grades are maintained on a VUSD server using PowerSchool software. I do not provide access, other than to provide a link to the login page. For questions about the privacy policy for PowerSchool, please contact the Visalia Unified School District.
Because I am not involved in the maintenance and configuration of the PowerSchool portal, I cannot provide User ID's and passwords for gaining access to the grades for my students. For information about grade access, please contact your child's Learning Director.
If your question still has not been answered, please email me:andy.allan59@gmail.com
