The following text is extracted and transformed from the factinate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-29. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy - Factinate
PRIVACY POLICY
This is Factinate Ltd.’s Privacy Policy for WWW.FACTINATE.COM. This document explains Factinate Ltd.’s policies for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information on WWW.FACTINATE.COM.
Data and Cookie Policy
Like most websites, this one uses cookies.
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your browser. They’re used for many things, such as remembering whether you’ve visited the site before, so that you remain logged in – or to help us work out how many new website visitors we get each month. They contain information about the use of your computer but don’t include personal information about you (they don’t store your name, for instance).
This policy explains how cookies are used on Reach websites in general – and, below, how you can control the cookies that may be used on this site. Section 4 shows you all of our ad partners and how to opt out of the cookies they use and personalized ad delivery.
About this Cookie policy
This Cookie Policy applies to all of our websites and our mobile applications (“the Website”).
In this Cookie Policy, when we refer to any of our Websites, we mean any website or mobile application operated by or on behalf of Reach plc or its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “Reach”), regardless of how you access the network. This Cookie Policy forms part of and is incorporated into our Website  Terms and Conditions.
By accessing the Website, you agree that this Cookie Policy will apply whenever you access the Website on any device.
Any changes to this policy will be posted here. We reserve the right to vary this Cookie Policy from time to time and such changes shall become effective as soon as they are posted. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to all such changes.
Our use of cookies
We may collect information automatically when you visit the Website, using cookies.
The cookies allow us to identify your computer and find out details about your last visit.
You can choose, below, not to allow cookies. If you do, we can’t guarantee that your experience with the Website will be as good as if you do allow cookies.
The information collected by cookies does not personally identify you; it includes general information about your computer settings, your connection to the Internet e.g. operating system and platform, IP address, your browsing patterns and timings of browsing on the Website and your location.
Most internet browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can change the settings of your browser to erase cookies or prevent automatic acceptance if you prefer.
These links explain how you can control cookies via your browser – remember that if you turn off cookies in your browser then these settings apply to all websites not just this one:
Internet Explorer: Link(this page links to further information for different versions of IE – the mobile version is at  Link).
Chrome: Link
Safari: Link(or  Link for mobile versions)
Firefox: Link
Blackberries: Link
Android: Link
Opera: Link
Types of cookie that may be used during your visit to the Website:
The following types of cookie are used on this site. We don’t list every single cookie used by name – but for each type of cookie we tell you how you can control its use.
Personalisation cookies
These cookies are used to recognise repeat visitors to the Website and in conjunction with other information we hold to attempt to record specific browsing information (that is, about the way you arrive at the Website, pages you view, options you select, information you enter and the  path you take through the Website). These are used to recommend content we think you’ll be interested in based on what you’ve looked at before.
You can disable our personalisation cookie when you are logged out of Facebook. To disable it permanently, also remove the Mirror app from the settings page of your Facebook account.
Analytics cookies
These monitor how visitors move around the Website and how they reached it. This is used so that we can see total (not individual) figures on which types of content users enjoy most, for instance.
You can opt out of these if you want:
Google :  Link
We may also use analytics cookies to measure the effectiveness of advertising on the Website and elsewhere on the internet. These cookies cannot be turned off individually but you could change your browser setting to refuse all if you do not wish to accept them.
Third-party service cookies
Social sharing, video and other services we offer are run by other companies. These companies may drop cookies on your computer when you use them on our site or if you are already logged in to them.
Here is a list of places where you can find out more about specific services that we may use and their use of cookies:
Facebook ’s data use policy:  Link
Twitter ’s privacy policy:  Link
Our ad serving and management cookies
We sell space on some of our websites to advertisers – they pay for the content you enjoy for free.
As part of this, we use several services to help us and advertisers understand what adverts you might be interested in. These cookies hold information about the computer – they don’t hold personal information about you (ie it’s not linked to you as an individual). But they might hold a record of what other websites you’ve looked at – so we could show you a car advert if you’ve previously visited a car website.
These are the services we use and how you can control those cookies.  Please note that turning off advertising cookies won’t mean that you are not served any advertising merely that it will not be tailored to your interests.
Doubleclick (advertising): Privacy policy at  Link and opt out via  Link
Google (ad partner). Privacy policy at  Link and opt-out via  Link.
Rubicon (ad partner) Privacy policy at  Link and opt out at  Link
Index Exchange (ad partner) Privacy Policy at Link and opt out at Link
BRealtime (ad partner) Privacy Policy at Link and opt out at Link
Open X (ad partner) Privacy Policy at Link and opt out Link
Appnexus (ad partner) Privacy Policy and opt out at Link
Facebook Audience Network (ad partner) Privacy Policy at Link
Conversant (ad partner) Privacy Policy at Link and opt out at Link
AOL (ad partner) Privacy Policy at Link and opt out at Link
Sovrn (ad partner) Privacy Policy at Link and opt out at http://www.aboutads.info/choices
Synacor (ad partner) Privacy Policy at Link and opt out at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
District M (ad partner) Privacy Policy at Link and opt out at link
Other ad management cookies
Advertisements on the Website are provided by other organisations. Our advertising partners will serve advertisements that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you, based on information about your visit to the Website and other websites. In order to do this, our advertising partner may need to place a cookie on your computer. These cookies hold information about the computer – they don’t hold personal information about you (ie it’s not linked to you as an individual).
For more information about this type of online behavioural advertising, about cookies, and about how to turn this feature off, please visit  this link
Please note that turning off advertising cookies won’t mean that you are not served any advertising merely that it will not be tailored to your interests.
Site management cookies
These are used to maintain your identity or session on the Website. For instance, where our websites run on more than one server, we use a cookie to ensure that you are sent information by one specific server (otherwise you may log in or out unexpectedly). We may use similar cookies when you vote in opinion polls to ensure that you can only vote once, and to ensure that you can use our commenting functionality when not logged in (to ensure you don’t see comments you’ve reported as abusive, for instance, or don’t vote comments up/down more than once).
These cookies cannot be turned off individually but you could change your browser setting to refuse all cookies ( see above) if you do not wish to accept them.
WE USE THIS INFORMATION TO
Provide web-based services, including (without limitation) making business decisions and for targeting users with advertisements.
Factinate Ltd. may use aggregate or anonymous information (not linked to identified individuals) for other uses, for itself and third parties.
WHO WE SHARE THIS INFORMATION WITH
Factinate Ltd. does not share personal information with any third parties except as disclosed in this policy. Factinate Ltd. may provide personal information to its consultants, subcontractors and professional advisers.
If at any time we wish to disclose personal information to third parties for that third party’s use, we will obtain your explicit permission. You may revoke permission at any time, even after its been granted.
Our websites contain links to third party sites where you may purchase items. Factinate Ltd. makes commissions from those sales, and does some tracking so the third party knows what site you came from, but Factinate Ltd. does not provide your personal information to the third party.
ADVERTISERS
Each time you visit WWW.FACTINATE.COM, advertisers (including Google) may collect personal and other information through your IP address, and by using technology such as cookies. Advertisements appearing on the website are delivered to you by third party advertisers, often based on what you do on various websites. Third party advertisers and advertising companies use information about you (not including your name or email address), including your IP address and cookies collected through your use of websites, to provide advertisements on this website about goods and services that may be of interest to you. The use of this information collected by third party advertisers and advertising companies through this website is not covered by this privacy policy and Factinate Ltd. is not responsible for the use of this information by third parties.
You may opt out of the use of Google’s cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google ads preference manager on the Google website. You may opt out of Google and other third-party’s use of cookies and other similar technology for interest-based advertising by visiting sites such as www.aboutads.info or www.networkadvertising.org. Your web browser also gives you options regarding cookies.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit WWW.FACTINATE.COM. These companies may use aggregated information about your visits to this and other websites to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
INFORMATION LIFECYCLE
Factinate Ltd. will keep all information collect for a period of up to 15 years.
SECURITY
All personal information is protected. Factinate Ltd. commits to security measures appropriate to the nature of the information being protected.
ACCESSING INFORMATION
If an individual believes that any of their personal information on the website is inaccurate, and it is information that the user cannot change, you can contact Factinate Ltd. at hello@factinate.com to request changes.
GENERAL
Factinate Ltd. may amend this policy from time to time by posting an updated version on WWW.FACTINATE.COM. If such amendments affect how Factinate Ltd. uses or discloses personal information already held by Factinate Ltd., Factinate Ltd. will obtain consent.
Last revised: January 1st, 2017.
Notwithstanding the general terms of this policy, the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information may be made outside of the terms herein to the extent provided for in any applicable privacy or other legislation in effect from time to time, or pursuant to court orders.
Factinate Ltd. may disclose personal information to another entity purchasing (including for diligence purposes prior to purchase) the assets of Factinate Ltd., provided that entity abides by this or a similar privacy policy.
