The following text is extracted and transformed from the fossweb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-01-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy
Privacy Policy
FOSSweb™ Privacy Policy
By accessing the FOSSweb™ website you agree to the terms of this policy. This site is owned and operated by School Specialty, Inc.
We respect you and your student's privacy.
Security is important to us. We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect information collected on the website, but we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We collect information you give us when you register, register your students, or when you use or input information into the website.
We collect information about student use of the website only in a manner that preserves student anonymity.
We may use collected information to improve the performance and accuracy of our website and system. We will only do so if we can preserve the confidentiality of user identifiable information.
Minor students may use a specific instructional portion of this website, but only after registration of a unique and anonymous identifier by a teacher or school district staff, and only under the direction of you, their teacher.
We will not sell information collected on this website to a third party.
We may link to other websites. We cannot vouch for their privacy policies, but have provided links to their privacy polices below for your convenience.
We will post updates to our privacy policy on our website.
Use of the website is subject to the Terms of Use agreement, which is available here.
Users.
Teacher Users. "Teacher User(s)" are the primary users of the FOSSweb™ website ("The Website").
Student Users. "Student User(s)" are the students of the Teacher User whom the Teacher User's register for a limited instructional use of the Website.
Users. When "User(s)" is used alone it specifies that in that specific regard the Privacy Policy applies to both the Teacher Users and the Student Users.
Information Collection
Information School Specialty Collects. School Specialty may collect and register information regarding Users when accessing the Website (collectively, "Information"), which includes:
Teacher User usernames, Teacher User e-mail addresses, and other Teacher User contact information such as the school or school district where the Teacher User works. Teacher User data ties to a unique user name and password, which enables access to the site and its functions. ("Teacher Identifiable Information"),
anonymous and unique Student User usernames and user numbers; each year, a Teacher User creates and inputs or uploads anonymous and unique usernames and user numbers for Student Users in their classes (the Website's tutorials instruct the Teacher User to create Student User' usernames and user number's using only unique and non-personally identifiable information), there are no fields available to input personally identifiable information such as addresses or age,
other information Users provide to School Specialty but that does not identify Users personally, such as records of User visits, and information Users submit when using the Website,
information from third parties, and
traffic and usage information generated from User visits to the website, including traffic data and the type of device that Users use to access the Website.
Tracking Technologies School Specialty Uses. School Specialty may use a variety of technologies to collect Information regarding Website use, including cookies, flash cookies, general log information, Google Analytics and similar services.
Student Use of Website
Student Use Only By Teacher Direction. Student User use of the Website is available only under the direction of the Teacher User. Teacher Users must register minor Student Users for the Website by creating anonymous and unique usernames and user numbers (the Website's tutorials instruct Teacher Users to input unique, non-personally identifying usernames and user numbers) which then allow Student Users to use the functionality, under direction of their teacher, for which such registration is required, i.e., consuming educational content, taking assessment tests and tracking their progress.
No Personally Identifiable Information Intentionally Collected from Children. School Specialty will not, without parental consent, intentionally:
collect or solicit any personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16, or
allow people under the age of 16 to independently register for the site.
In Case of Unintended Collection. If School Specialty learns from any person that it has collected personally identifiable information from a child under age 16 without parental consent, School Specialty shall promptly delete that information, and will use such information in any way other than to delete it.
How School Specialty Uses Information. School Specialty may use the Information its collects to:
provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote, the Website,
enable Teacher Users to access and use the Website, including registering their students for the Website, viewing student progress, and reviewing student assessments,
enable Student Users to access and use the Website, under the direction of their Teacher User, which such Student User use includes: consuming educational content, and taking assessment tests.
monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Website and track User actions and use of the system, record transactions, and gather demographic information for aggregate use (such analysis is not linked to any personally identifiable information or User Identifiable Information), and School Specialty does not share aggregated demographic and usage information,
personalize the Website content, or features,
Information Sharing
Service Providers. School Specialty may share Information with the following third-party service providers it employs or partners with to perform functions and provide services for School Specialty and the Website, subject to the terms of this policy, and only to the extent necessary for Users to access their respective services:
LinkIt
LinkIt's Privacy Policy may be found here.
Kitaboo
Kitaboo's Privacy Policy may be found here.
Limited Use. School Specialty does not intend to sell, share, or rent Information obtained on the Website other than as discussed in this privacy policy.
Legal Release. School Specialty may release Information concerning a User's use of the Website (Information and network records) when it believes in good faith that such release is appropriate to comply with the law (for example, pursuant to a statutory demand, subpoena, warrant or court order), to protect against fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of the Website, or to protect the rights or property of School Specialty.
User Settings. School Specialty shall provide Teacher User's the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding School Specialty's collection, use, and sharing of User Information, to the extent required by Law, which might include a User's ability to correct, update, and delete account information (including Student User registrations), passwords, and notification settings.
Accessing and Correcting User Information
Opportunity to Correct Contact Information and Preferences. School Specialty shall provide Teacher Users with the opportunity to ensure that contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date, through each Teacher User's account, accessible from here.
Opportunity to Request Corrections and Deletions. Subject to paragraph 17.3 School Specialty shall provide Teacher Users with the opportunity to request that School Specialty:
correct inaccurate Teacher Identifiable Information School Specialty holds, and
delete Information School Specialty is not required to retain by Law or for legitimate business purposes.
Discretion Over Corrections and Deletions. School Specialty will have the sole discretion to adhere to or decline Teacher User requests to correct or delete Information that are frivolous or vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are impractical, or not otherwise required by Law.
California Privacy Rights
Additional Rights for California Residents. If a User is a California resident, the User may have certain additional rights, including:
the right to request information regarding School Specialty's disclosure of the User's personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, and
the right of Users who are minors to request and obtain deletion of certain posted content, under California Business and Professions Code Section 22581.
request information about how to exercise third party disclosure choices by sending a request to: techsupport.science@schoolspecialty.com.
Security. School Specialty does not guarantee against all unauthorized disclosure, alteration, or destruction of Information. The Website system is housed on a password-protected, secure server accessible only to: authorized Teacher User's registered through the Website, Student Users registered by Teacher Users, and to School Specialty's project's database managers who use their own passwords. The Website is protected during transmission through the Internet using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software. You should see the lock icon becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked or open when you are just surfing. If you have any questions about the security, you can send an email to: iscp@schoolspecialty.com.
Changes to Policy
Discretion to Make Changes. School Specialty may change this policy at its discretion.
Notice of Changes. School Specialty shall provide reasonable notice of any such changes on the Website.
Acceptance of Changes. Teacher Users' continued use of the Website after notice of the changes has been posted to the Website will be deemed acceptance of the changes, if:
a reasonable time has passed in which Teacher Users could review the changes, but
regardless as to whether the Teacher User did review the changes.
Links to Other Websites. School Specialty will not be responsible for the content on or privacy practices of third party sites linked to from the Website.
Business or Asset Transfer or Sale. The Website may move to a publisher-based or third-party platform. In a transaction, Information generally is one of the transferred assets. School Specialty will make reasonable effort to provide notice on Website changes and to notify you via email at the most recent email address that you have provided to the Website of any such change in ownership or control of your Information.
Communications from School Specialty. School Specialty will not use the Website to send Teacher Users e-mail messages or other communications regarding product information, offers, or special announcements; however, it will use the Website to e-mail Teacher Users': password reset requests, registration notifications, and trial code expiration notifications. School Specialty will never contact Student Users directly.
Data Retention. The Website does retain data that is disassociated from User personally identifiable information on a password-protected server that can only be accessed by School Specialty personnel and requires a login. School Specialty uses this dissociated data to further develop and improve the Website.
Last updated: August 16, 2018
