The following text is extracted and transformed from the ricoh.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-04-03. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy | Ricoh Global
RICOH recognizes the importance of personal Data. Therefore, RICOH exerts its best efforts to pay attention to protection of privacy on RICOH Site and buckle down to the following,
A responsible manager has been appointed to every department of RICOH where Personal Data are maintained.
RICOH collects Personal Data only to the extent necessary for its business, and only after informing you regarding the purpose of such collection, how to contact RICOH regarding Personal Data, and RICOH's intended use of such data. In case RICOH collects Personal Data in such a manner, you agree that RICOH can use Personal Data according to such purpose of collection and such intended use of data.
RICOH Site has a certain section at which RICOH requests you to register your Personal Data for the purpose of better serving you and which you can access and browse only by entering your ID number and password provided to you by RICOH when you registered your Personal Data. In case you register your Personal Data for your use of such section of RICOH Site, you agree that RICOH can use your Personal Data for the purpose of serving you better.
RICOH appropriately maintains Personal Data, and never submits or discloses such data to any third party except to RICOH's subsidiaries or partners, without the prior consent of you.
When submitting Personal Data to RICOH's subsidiaries or partners and third parties with prior consent of you, RICOH requires the third party to maintain the Personal Data appropriately and to not disclose this data without your prior consent.
RICOH may send out profitable information for you related to services or products to you by using e-mail. If you prefer not to receive such information, please contact RICOH via the contact information, and RICOH will stop sending out such information.
If you wish to inquire about or modify your own Personal Data, please contact RICOH via the contact information, and RICOH is ready to accept your request immediately.
RICOH complies with applicable laws and regulations relating to Personal Data. To ensure such compliance, RICOH may periodically revise its policies regarding the handling of Personal Data.
RICOH keeps track of the IP address from which people visit and also measure visitor activity in RICOH Site. RICOH may use this data to analyze and statistics and to help us provide better customer service.
To better serve you, RICOH may collect the information regarding your session and activity by using techniques such as Cookie and WebBeacon. RICOH does not use such information to identify a particular user by combining it with other information.
|  |
