The following text is extracted and transformed from the boxfaucet.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
BoxFaucet - Privacy Policy
|
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will treat your personal information.
By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Credit
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (http://www.seqlegal.com).
Collecting personal information
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths);
Information that you provide to us when using the services on our website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services (including your bitcoin wallet address, the timing, frequency and pattern of service use);
Information that you post to our website for publication on the internet (including your message, your link);
Information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us or send through our website (including email correspondance);
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person's consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
Using personal information
Personal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
Enable your use of the services available on our website (sending bitcoins);
Keep our website secure and prevent fraud;
If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the licence you grant to us.
Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on our website, and can be adjusted using privacy controls on the website.
We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third party's direct marketing.
All our website financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider, FaucetBOX. You can review the provider's privacy policy at https://faucetbox.com/en/privacy. We will share information with our payment services provider only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
Disclosing personal information
We may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
To any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
Information that we collect may be transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area: the United States of America, Russia, Japan, China and India.
Personal information that you publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section 6.
Retaining personal information
This Section 7 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Without prejudice to Section 7.2, we will usually delete personal data falling within the categories set out below at the date/time set out below:
(a) bitcoin wallet address will be deleted on a yearly base.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 7, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Security of personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure password- and firewall-protected servers.
All electronic financial transactions entered into through our website will be protected by encryption technology.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We may notify you of changes to this policy.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
the payment of a fee (currently fixed at BTC 0.1); and
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity.
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Third party websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
we use address on our website to remember and recognise a bitcoin wallet address;
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
in Internet Explorer (version 11) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy" and then "Advanced";
in Firefox (version 39) you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", "Privacy", selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the drop-down menu, and unticking "Accept cookies from sites"; and
in Chrome (version 44), you can block all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Content settings", and then selecting "Block sites from setting any data" under the "Cookies" heading.
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:
in Internet Explorer (version 11), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11);
in Firefox (version 39), you can delete cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options" and "Privacy", then selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the drop-down menu, clicking "Show Cookies", and then clicking "Remove All Cookies"; and
in Chrome (version 44), you can delete all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Clear browsing data", and then selecting "Cookies and other site and plug-in data" before clicking "Clear browsing data".
Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
