The following text is extracted and transformed from the joyofbaking.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Joyofbaking.com Privacy Policy
Updated May 24, 2018 for GDPR compliance.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web servers automatically recognizes only the consumer's IP address, but not the e-mail address (where possible). We make no attempt to identify individual users. We do not share this data with anyone outside of Joyofbaking.com. Data from this collection is aggregated and then deleted every few days.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and subscribe to our email feed. We do not share these e-mail addresses with anyone outside of Joyofbaking.com. We use FeedBurner a division of Google to manage our email list. At the bottom of our emails we have an opt out link which you may use if you no long wish to receive emails from us. Alternatively you can send us an email here to get removed from our list. For further information on Feedburner consult the privacy policy of:
Google.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
If you live in an EU country we provide you the option of opting out of cookies using a pop up selection in compliance of GDPR. To keep track of your acceptance we do set a cookie and keep a log of your acceptance using a 3rd party company, Civic Technologies Inc. Opting out of cookies may negatively affect our traffic auditing, social media sharing capability and advertising personalization capabilities. In EU countries a gear icon will appear at the bottom right of the screen enabling you to revisit your selection at a future date. For further information consult the privacy policy of:
Civic Technologies
With respect to Traffic Auditing: In order to accurately measure the traffic and demographics of site visitors we use an independent auditors to monitor our traffic. As a result of your visit to our site, Google Analytics may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. Google may set cookies or use web beacons. For further information consult the privacy policy of:
Google
With respect to Social Media sharing we attempt to make it easier for you to share our content on popular social media platforms. These companies may set cookies or use other identifying methods to determine your identity to make sharing easier. For further information consult the privacy policys of:
Facebook
Google
Pinterest
ShareThis
With respect to site search, search terms entered into the search box are processed by Google Adsense and results are displayed served by Google Adsense. For further information consult the privacy policy of:
Google
With respect to Advertising: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages to fund our business. As a result of your visit to our site, Ad Server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. These companies may set cookies if you have not opted out as per above, or use web beacons. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
Google
Pulsepoint
Amazon
Conversant
Gourmet Ads
33 Across
InfoLinks
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We use third-party companies to serve ads and collect non-personally identifiable information ( e.g., the pages you visit, and which links you click, which ads you see and click on, and the categories of search terms you enter) when you visit our web site. These companies may use the information outlined above (which does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies often use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here (link to the NAI universal user opt-out).
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us by clicking here.
