The following text is extracted and transformed from the se7ensins.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Se7enSins Gaming Community
Oh noes! An ad should be here.
We are Se7enSins Gaming Community ("we", "our", "us"). We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:
Your username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile that are optional.
How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site as well as keeping you logged in.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site. There are opt-in and opt-out options in your account settings.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible. This is used on the backend for security and board rules purposes.
Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Third Party Processors
Third parties may be used to process a minimum amount of personal data on our behalf. The third party's in question are listed below along with what they are used for and links to their privacy policies. These third parties have been carefully chosen and it is our belief and understanding that all of them comply with current GDPR legislation.
Sucuri (Secure Browsing) Privacy Policy
AdminGeekz (Server Management and Security) Privacy Policy
PayPal (Invoicing & Payments) Privacy Policy
Google Fonts (Licensed fonts) Privacy Policy
Font Awesome (Licensed fonts) Privacy Policy
IGDB (Game Database) Privacy Policy
Social Logins (Easy Registration and Logging In):
Facebook Privacy Policy
Twitter Privacy Policy
Google+ Privacy Policy
Steam Privacy Policy
Amazon SES (Transactional emails and newsletters) Privacy Policy
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access (to the site or on your account) or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page.
Your rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please create a new ticket. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may create a new ticket to ask us to complete or correct that information if you are unable to change it via the account settings page.
You also have the right to request the erasure (Our GDPR Right to Erasure page) of your personal data. Please create a new ticket if you would like us to remove your personal data. You may be requested to provide further information based on the GDPR Right to Erasure page we've provided to verify your identity.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy, TOS, Board Rules, and Cookie Useage/Policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
__
__
__
__
__
