The following text is extracted and transformed from the escapeflight.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-11-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Escape Flight - Privacy
Introduction
The following B-Reel privacy policy sets out how we use data relating to you and applies to all use of data by B-Reel Products ("B-Reel"). The privacy policy forms a part of the Escape Flight terms of use, which can be foundhere.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is B-Reel Products, LLC of 401 Broadway, 24 th Floor, New York, NY, 10013, USA.
If you have any concerns over privacy, this privacy policy or escapeflight.com (the "Website")
please contact B-Reel Products, LLC at 401 Broadway, 24 th Floor, New York, NY, 10013, USA.
ABOUT THE WEBSITE AND THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Website is an online service owned and operated by B-Reel Products, LLC, which enables individuals to discover great holiday destinations.
DATA
B-Reel may ask you for and/or you may submit personal and non-personal information and data to B-Reel through the Website (such as your name, email address, contact details and information concerning your use of the Website) when you use the Website
The data that you submit may be transferred to destinations outside the European Economic Area.
B-Reel may also record other information concerning your use of the Website. This information will be kept securely in accordance with an internal security policy and may be used to:
enable your use of the Website and associated services;
provide you with an up to date, efficient and reliable service;
monitor the use of the Website;
generally run the Website.
By using the website and/or submitting your information you agree to this use.
B-REEL WILL ONLY USE INFORMATION COLLECTED ABOUT YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE DATA PROTECTION ACT 1998.
From time to time B-Reel may also monitor and record telephone calls for training purposes and to improve the services we offer you.
B-Reel will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
If you believe B-Reel has information about you that you do not want B-Reel to have or that you think is incorrect, please contact us. We will correct or remove the data you request as soon as is reasonably practicable.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
COOKIES
B-Reel uses 'cookies' on the Website. Cookies are small computer files which the Website will store in your internet browser, which enable information to be transmitted to and from your internet browser and the Website. If you do not wish for B-Reel to use cookies when you use the Website please adjust your Internet browser settings to not accept cookies. Your computer's help file should tell you how to do this but please note that this may affect your ability to use the Website. By using the Website, you agree to our use of cookies as described above.
If you don't disable cookies the Website will store details about your use of the Website including, for example, your browser type and IP address.
We will retain this information for up to one year.
We use the information derived from cookies to help us to optimise and improve the Website.
MARKETING
B-Reel gives you a choice of whether or not you want B-Reel or other reputable companies to contact you about future offers, events and new services or related activities that you may find useful. B-Reel would like to keep you informed of the developments on the Website and B-Reel would like to share data with other reputable companies who may have interesting offers and information for you (inside or outside the EEA).
B-Reel will not send you any marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give your consent or you have given it already.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose personal information about you to other members of our group of companies or to trusted third parties.
Your personal information may be disclosed:
if we buy or sell any businesses or assets;
with a view to preventing fraud or reducing credit risk;
if we are obliged to do so to comply with law, regulations or a court order; if it is necessary to enforce the terms of use or any other agreements to which we are a party; if it is necessary to protect our rights, property or the safety of our customers
GENERAL
If you follow a link from the Website to any third party websites, you should be aware that those websites may have their own privacy policies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for those websites. Please check the policies of any third party websites before submitting any personal data to those websites.
We may make changes to this privacy policy in the future, which will be posted on this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Where appropriate we may notify you of changes by email or by putting a notice on the Website.
All questions, comments or enquiries should be directed to B-Reel. We will try to respond to within 48 hours.
