The following text is extracted and transformed from the tdsb.on.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-07. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Freedom of Information & Privacy
Freedom of Information & Privacy
Protecting your Personal Information
The Toronto District School Board is committed to the highest level of privacy and confidentiality. The Board has a duty to protect the personal information that it collects, uses and discloses under the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act in its custody and control.  You have a right to access your information and to request that inaccurate information be corrected.
Collection of Personal Information :
Under the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, the Board cannot collect personal information unless it has the legal authority to do so.When Personal Information is collected the Board will provide a notice of collection.  The notice must include:
The legal authority for the collection;
The purpose for the collection; and
Contact information of an employee who can answer questions about the collection.
Additional Resources
The Toronto District School Board is committed to respecting students’ privacy and protecting their personal information. Not everyone fully grasps what is happening in this time of rapidly changing technology protecting students personal information has never been more important. The Information and Privacy Commissioner (IPC), the Dufferin-Peel Catholic School Board, as well as, the Ministry of Education prepared a guidebook entitled A Guide to Privacy and Access to Information in Ontario Schools   in order to provide common answers to common questions about privacy and access to information in the school system. The information and Privacy Commissioner also developed a series of fact sheets to provide teachers with important information about protecting students’ privacy online, privacy in the school and your child’s privacy in school. For more information regarding protecting student privacy please visit TDSB Privacy webpage for frequently asked questions, or contact the Privacy office directly.
If you feel that your privacy has been breached by the Board, please contact us or send a letter of complaint with the details to:
Freedom of Information and Privacy Office
Toronto District School Board
IT Security Operations
1 Civic Center Court
Etobicoke, ON M9C 2B3
FOI.Privacy@tdsb.on.ca
_Please note: you also have a right to complain  to the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario (IPC) regarding your privacy complaint.  For more information on the IPC’s privacy complaint process please visit the IPC website.  _
