The following text is extracted and transformed from the action.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-07-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Insight - Privacy Statement
This privacy policy applies to the website of:
Insight (UK) Limited
Technology Building
Insight Campus
Terry Street
Sheffield
S9 2BU
Tel: 0800 333 333
Email: iukebusiness@uk.insight.com
We respect your privacy. This is why we have taken the time to disclose our information collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this document.
We will collect and process information in accordance with the following policies:
We respect your personal information and undertake to comply with applicable Data Protection legislation.
All data collected from you will be transmitted to servers where it will be processed.
We confirm that any personal details, which you provide to us (or which are available on public registers) from which we can identify you, are held in accordance with our Data Protection Registration Notification. When you register your details with us, we consider the information you input as private.
Collecting information provides specific benefits to our website visitors. Collecting your information will allow us to process your order and to better advise you of goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We use the information for the following purposes:
processing any order or enquiry from you
processing your interest in us, whether as a potential employee or customer or supplier
for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide
to administer our business
to notify you of topics that may be of interest to you
completing or supporting any transaction or activity you have with us
research and development
tailoring the website for its visitors
analysis and reporting
to build records of individual visitors
contacting our visitors for promotion of the site or products.
In the event that your personal information is no longer used by us for the purposes outlined in these policies, we will delete it except insofar as it is necessary to retain such information to comply with other relevant or applicable law.
In the event that your personal data becomes untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, or in any event, you have the right to gain access to your personal data and may rectify the same.
In the event that you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, please write to us c/o The Data Protection Controller, Insight Direct (UK) Ltd at the address stated above, stating your full name, address, your e-mail address and your day time contact phone number and notify us that you no longer wish to receive promotional material from us.
The information we collect may be accessed by our suppliers and ourselves. Information is only shared with our partners who abide by our privacy policy.
We allow our visitors to access their own information where this relates to account and order processing information. (For example, users can access things such as their online account details).
We sometimes use third party companies to help us provide our products and services to you. Some of these companies are given access to some, or all, of the information you provide to us and may use cookies on our behalf. These companies are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner, other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available on our site. For more information, including how to opt out, please go to: http://www.coremetrics.com/info_eluminate2.html.
You agree that you do not object to us, or such third parties contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Telecommunications (Data Protection and Privacy) Regulations 1999 or the equivalent under local applicable law.
You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities, to provide your user information and/or information concerning your activities whilst using this web site we shall do so. We also reserve the right to disclose individually identifiable information to third parties where a complaint arises concerning your use of this web site, and that use is deemed by us inconsistent with these terms.
We may use "cookies" and other software so as to be able to build up a profile of your interests and preferences and this may be used by us to develop and operate our business.
We may disclose to third parties aggregated data on the use of this web site or our services, provided that a single individual is not identifiable in such data.
Security Measures
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All account information you use or supply on Insight's Web site when ordering or tracking products is completely secure. We use the most advanced encryption technology to protect you from unauthorised use of information supplied on our Web site.
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is the industry standard security protocol used to encode sensitive information such as credit card numbers that pass between your personal computer and Insight's e-Commerce site. SSL works by creating a temporary shared "key" or session that lets only the computers on either end of a transmission scramble and unscramble information. The SSL transmission is indecipherable by any individuals or servers that relay the message between the sender and the receiver. When your web browser enters Insight's secure Web site, our server hosting the site acknowledges your web browser with a "server hello." In return, your browser responds with a "client hello." This communication allows for the browser and server to determine the level of encryption they both support and will use. Once "hellos" are exchanged, your browser will ask for Insight's "digital certificate." The certificate acts as our "commerce ID" to ensure you that the transactions are between you and Insight. Companies receive digital certificates from a Certificate Authority, such as RSA Data Security Inc. or VeriSign Inc. A Certificate Authority verifies a company's identification and then issues a unique certificate as proof of identity.
Next, the browser and the server create a "master key." This master key is a codebook that both sides use to encode and decode transmissions. Only your browser and our server share that master key which is good only for that particular session. The unique key allows your browser and our server to exchange sensitive information in a way third parties can't understand.
Once your transactions are complete and you leave our secure site, the master key you once held with the server becomes useless. When you re-enter the secure site, the hello, digital certificate and master key process start over again.
Links Beyond Insight
We may include links on Insight to other companies' sites. Insight is not responsible for the privacy policies and content of those sites.
Changes You Can Make
Order/Contact Information: To make any changes to your order, please contact your personal account executive. If you are unable or do not have a personal account executive please feel free to contact us via email or phone at 0870 700 7030 or please use our Customer Support Center.
Subscription Service: To subscribe to our Subscription Service, please visit www.insight.com/uk/apps/subscription/index.php and fill out the subscription form. To change your email address, please visit our Subscription Service where you can change the appropriate entry.
Deletions You Can Make
Subscription Service: You can unsubscribe by either clicking on the one-click unsubscribe link at the bottom of our ePublications or by signing in to the Subscription Service check the box next to 'Subscription' and click the 'Remove' button.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
