The following text is extracted and transformed from the resellercamp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
ResellerCamp - Privacy Policy
ResellerCamp aims to secure the confidential information of its all customers. We therefore apply this Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out the registration form. You will be required to enter your personal information.
What do we use the information for?
to protect our rights and property and also of our customers.
to improve our customer service when responding to your request.
to provide you our prodoucts and services.
to contact or to communicate with you.
Anti-Spam Policy
We have a strict Anti-Spam Policy that prohibits the use of any data to send spam.
How do we protect your information?
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
In order to protect your confidential information and to avoid unauthorized access to your password, ResellerCamp requires you not to disclose your password to anyone else. You need to secure you own password.
Do we disclose any confidential information to outside parties?
We only share personal information with other companies or individuals in the following limited conditions:
We have your consent
Sharing the information with our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to:
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request,
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof,
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or
protect against harm to rights, property or safety, of our users, us or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users by demographic. Such information does not identify you individually.
As permitted and described in the respective terms of service of each of our services and in the ResellerCamp.com Customer Master Agreement
ResellerCamp will use the information provided by you for improving better services. ResellerCamp may use and share this confidential information to its affiliates or third parties.
By using our services, you abide by this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
ResellerCamp may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. This privacy policy was last modified on 27/01/2010.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us to the following address:
ResellerCamp
1st Indonesian ICANN Accredited Reseller Domain Registrar
__+62 821 415 70000
__support@resellercamp.com
