The following text is extracted and transformed from the valmet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-17. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy notice
When you are browsing valmet.com websites for seeing information provided by us, we do not collect personal information about you.
From time to time, a small text file may be placed on your computer to improve the effectiveness of this site. This file is usually referred to as a "cookie", and many sites use this technology. Cookies are pieces of data stored on your computer's (or other internet enabled devices, such as a smartphone or tablet) hard drive or browser, and not on this site.
The cookies used on the Valmet sites may be stored on your device for a longer time or until you manually delete them (stored or persistent cookies). Some of them mayor be deleted from your device after you leave Valmet’s web service (session cookies).
When you visit Valmet’s web sites, you may receive cookies from third party websites or domains. We use a number of suppliers that may also set cookies on your device on our behalf to allow them to deliver the services they are providing for Valmet. These cookies include those that collect website usage information about visitors to Valmet's web sites. To get more information about these third-party cookies, as well as information about how to opt-out of receiving such cookies, follow the links in the relevant section below.
Most browsers are set to accept cookies and in most browsers, you can change your settings either to refuse all cookies or to tell you when a cookie is being sent. Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings. Information gathered by cookies is used to facilitate the use of this website and to develop this website so that it serves our stakeholders and our business interests.
We cannot personally identify you from this information.
Third party cookies used on Valmet sites
Analytics / Tracking Cookies
Snoobi web analytics: More information about how Snoobi works (in Finnish only at the moment)
Google Analytics: More information about how Google Analytics works
Hotjar: More information about how Hotjar works
YouTube tracking: More information (Google service)
Social media sharing
AddThis: More information on how AddThis works
Other cookies More information (Google service)
maps.google.com: More information (Google service)
Valmet may process personal data of its current and potential customers and suppliers. This processing is described in the Customer and Supplier Privacy Notice.
