The following text is extracted and transformed from the att.net privacy policy that was archived on 2007-02-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
AT&T: Privacy Policy: Summary
Scope
This privacy policy addresses the privacy of AT&T* family of companies retail customers and Web visitors in the United States - except for Cingular® Wireless and YELLOWPAGES.COM, which operate under their own privacy policies. More.
Additional privacy policies apply to certain AT&T services, including AT&T Yahoo! Dial, High Speed Internet and Small Business, AT&T U-versesm services and AT&T | DISH Network. For more information on these services please see the AT&T Yahoo!® and Video Services & AT&T | DISH Network policies. More.
AT&T Inc. was created on Nov. 18, 2005, through a merger of SBC Communications Inc. and AT&T Corp. We continue to undergo branding changes to bring together all former SBC and AT&T brands and this privacy policy applies irrespective of AT&T or SBC branding.
Note: This page provides highlights of the AT&T Privacy Policy. View full text of the policy. (Updated June 16, 2006.)
What Information We Collect
We collect personal identifying information regarding our customers and Web visitors, including name, street address, e-mail address, telephone number, billing, payment, usage, credit and transaction information, as well as demographic information. More.
We also collect Web usage information when Web visitors access our Web sites, including IP address, Web browser and operating system types, Web pages visited on our Web sites, time spent on our Web pages, and return visits to our Web sites. We may combine Web usage information with personal identifying information. More.
We do not design our Web sites to attract children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal identifying information from anyone under the age of 18. We comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. More.
How We Use Information
We use personal identifying information to provide, confirm, change, bill, monitor, and resolve problems with the quality of AT&T-offered products and services. We also use the information, including aggregated information, to develop, market and sell our products and services. More.
We do not provide personal identifying information to third parties for the marketing of their products and services without your consent. We may provide the information to third parties, such as shipping companies, AT&T-authorized marketing agents, Web designers and analysts, so that they may fulfill specific functions or services in providing certain AT&T-offered products and services. We may also provide the information, where permitted or required by law, in order to enforce our rights or protect our property, as well as comply with court orders, subpoenas or other legal or regulatory requirements. More.
We use Web usage information to enable the functioning of our Web site and to expand and improve our Web visitors' online experience. When we combine the Web usage information with personal identifying information, we use it to provide a better online experience and to market and provide advertising about goods and services that may be of particular interest. More.
We, or a third party acting on our behalf, may use “cookies” and “Web beacons” to tailor and improve the Web content we deliver to you, make recommendations based on information you previously provided and gauge the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and e-mail correspondence. More.
We publish customers' names, addresses and telephone numbers in directories and make the information available through directory assistance and the Internet. More.
Customers have the option of choosing to have a non-published or non-listed number. More.
Your Rights & Choices
You can choose not to receive additional AT&T marketing e-mails. More.
You can choose to be removed from call lists that we use to contact customers with marketing and promotional offers. More.
We protect the confidentiality of your Customer Proprietary Network Information as required by law. More.
Important Information
We employ measures designed to protect the security of your personal identifying information. More.
We reserve the right to update our privacy policy. More.
How to Contact Us
Please contact us to address any concerns regarding your personal information.
Please e-mail us at privacypolicy@att.com or write to AT&T Privacy Policy, 175 E. Houston St., San Antonio, TX  78205 to address any concerns you may have about our privacy practices and policies.
AT&T is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program and you may contact TRUSTe if a privacy question is not properly addressed. More.
