The following text is extracted and transformed from the attwifi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-08-07. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
AT&T Privacy Policy
wrapperS
Scope
This privacy policy addresses the privacy of AT&T* family of companies retail customers and Web visitors in the United States — except for Wireless from AT&T, formerly Cingular® Wireless and YELLOWPAGES.COM, which operate under their own privacy policies. More
Additional privacy policies apply to certain AT&T services, including AT&T Internet Services, AT&T U-verseSM TV and AT&T | DISH Network. For more information on these services please see the AT&T Internet Service and Video Services & AT&T | DISH Network policies. More
Note: This page provides highlights of the AT &T Privacy Policy. View full text of the policy. (Updated June 16, 2006.)
What Information We Collect
We collect personal identifying information regarding our customers and Web visitors, including name, street address, e-mail address, telephone number, billing, payment, usage, credit and transaction information, as well as demographic information. More
We also collect Web usage information when Web visitors access our Web sites, including IP address, Web browser and operating system types, Web pages visited on our Web sites, time spent on our Web pages, and return visits to our Web sites. We may combine Web usage information with personal identifying information. More
We do not design our Web sites to attract children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal identifying information from anyone under the age of 18. We comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. More
How We Use Information
We use personal identifying information to provide, confirm, change, bill, monitor, and resolve problems with the quality of AT&T-offered products and services. We also use the information, including aggregated information, to develop, market and sell our products and services. More
We do not provide personal identifying information to third parties for the marketing of their products and services without your consent. We may provide the information to third parties, such as shipping companies, AT&T-authorized marketing agents, Web designers and analysts, so that they may fulfill specific functions or services in providing certain AT&T-offered products and services. We may also provide the information, where permitted or required by law, in order to enforce our rights or protect our property, as well as comply with court orders, subpoenas or other legal or regulatory requirements. More
We use Web usage information to enable the functioning of our Web site and to expand and improve our Web visitors' online experience. When we combine the Web usage information with personal identifying information, we use it to provide a better online experience and to market and provide advertising about goods and services that may be of particular interest. More
We, or a third party acting on our behalf, may use "cookies" and "Web beacons" to tailor and improve the Web content we deliver to you, make recommendations based on information you previously provided and gauge the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and e-mail correspondence. More
We publish customers' names, addresses and telephone numbers in directories and make the information available through directory assistance and the Internet. More
Customers have the option of choosing to have a non-published or non-listed number. More
Your Rights & Choices
You can choose not to receive additional AT&T marketing e-mails. More
You can choose to be removed from call lists that we use to contact customers with marketing and promotional offers. More
We protect the confidentiality of your Customer Proprietary Network Information as required by law. More
