The following text is extracted and transformed from the turkishairlines.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-26. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Legal Notice | Turkish Airlines ®
**The protection of Your personal data is very important to Us and We want You to feel comfortable when visiting the web site or/and mobile apps (hereinafter to be referred to as “ Online Channels ”). Our biggest concern is the protection of Your privacy when processing personal data and We monitor this very closely in any business operations. We take Our responsibilities regarding the protection of personal information very seriously. We respect Your personal privacy. **
This Privacy Policy describes Our practices related to the use, storage, and disclosure of information We collect from or about You when You access and/or use the online channels. By using the Online Channels, You accept the Terms of Use and You agree that We can store and access cookies and IP addresses, and use other methods in order to collect usage data related to the Online Channels in order to improve Your online experience. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. We may not post any changes on the Online Channels , so please check regularly for the most recent version of Our Privacy Policy.
Please note that if Your personally identifiable information changes, or if You no longer wish to use Our service, We will provide a way to correct or update Your personal information provided to Us.
Online Channels may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that We are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites not operated by Us. We encourage You to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Online Channels.
If You have any further questions or comments, contact Us using the Contact Us page.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?  Learn more >>
We ’ve written this Privacy Policy to let You know how We use Your personal information. In it, We explain the types of personal information We collect, how We collect it, how We store it, what We use it for, how We protect it, and who We may share Your personal information with. Any personal information collected during visits to the Online Channels is processed in accordance with the provisions of Turkish law. Our data protection policy also complies with internal data protection guidelines.
This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information We process about You in connection with Your relationship with Us as a loyalty program member (including where You have a Miles&Smiles and Turkish Corporate Club account) or a potential customer. By “Personal Information” We mean information about You (where You are, or could be, identified, such as Your name and contact details), Your travel arrangements and purchase history, and information about Your access to the Online Channels.
We need Your assistance to ensure that Your personal data is current, complete, and accurate. Please inform Us of changes to Your personal data by contacting Us and submit Your updated particulars to Us in writing.
We may also request personal data updates from You time to time. It is important to ensure that the personal data contained in Your booking information or flight itinerary is current, complete, and accurate.
When Do We Collect Personal Information About You?  Learn more >>
We collect personal information about You when You use Our services (whether directly provided by Us or by another company or agent), when You travel with Us , and when You use the Online Channels , including:
When You book or search for a flight or other products or services on the Online Channels.
When You use any services on the Online Channels (check-in, flight status, etc.).
When You book or search for a flight or other products or services through Our other sales channels, such as through a travel agent.
If You join the loyalty schemes (i.e. Miles&Smiles, Turkish Corporate Club) or Our other loyalty schemes or customer programs.
When You contact Our call centers or service agents.
When You travel with Us and use airports where We operate.
When the Online Channels crash and Your transaction fails due to some error.
If You use Our lounge facilities.
If You use Our in-flight entertainment and communication services.
If You complete a customer survey or provide Us with feedback.
If You enter a competition or register for a promotion.
If You choose to interact with Us via social media such as Facebook or Twitter. In addition, We may receive personal information about You from third parties, such as:
Companies contracted by Us to provide services to You.
Companies involved in Your travel plans, including airlines involved in Your prior or onward journey, relevant airport operators, and customs and immigration authorities, etc.
Companies (e.g. car hire providers and hotels) that participate in Our loyalty schemes and other customer programs.
Why Do We Need Your Personal Information?  Learn more >>
When You use services provided on the Online Channels , You will be asked to provide certain information such as Your name, contact details, and/or debit/credit card details. We will store this information and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this information in the following ways:
• To fulfill Our agreement with You , including processing Your flight, sending You Your itinerary, or contacting You if there is a problem with Your reservation.
• To administer any contest or other promotional offer You may enter and notify winners.
• To answer any queries which You may send Us by email.
• To conduct customer satisfaction surveys so that We can provide You more efficient service.
• To meet Our legal compliance obligations.
• For crime prevention and detection.
• To improve Our services.
• To personalize Your travel experience.
• For other direct or indirect marketing purposes. We need to know the names of all passengers traveling. If You are booking a flight on behalf of someone else, You must obtain their consent to use their personal information. We proceed on the basis that You have obtained this consent.
Who Do We Share Your Personal Information With?  Learn more >>
Your personal information may be shared within the group of companies controlled by Our parent company.
In order to facilitate Your travel arrangements, We will often need to share Your personal information with third parties including other airlines and airport operators, customs and immigration authorities, travel agents involved in making Your travel arrangements, and Our customer loyalty partners, such as when You transfer between airlines or use a hotel. We also share Your personal information with third parties who deliver services either to You or to Us , such as companies that provide airport assistance or marketing agencies.
We do not sell personal information to third parties, and We only allow third parties outside the Turkish Airlines group to send You marketing information where We have Your permission to do so.
Some of the parties may be located outside the European Union and have access to all or some of the personal data collected by Us (name, passport number, trip details, etc.) in order to fulfill the transport contract or comply with specific legal requirements.
Your booking information or flight itinerary may be disclosed to the appropriate customs and immigration authorities as required by law. For more information on the customs and immigration programs used by the United States authorities, please visit the following web sites:
• International Privacy Policy of the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
• Secure Flight Program
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?  Learn more >>
We are committed to ensuring the security and privacy of the personal data that customers provide. We take every necessary measure available for the personal data provided to avoid the risks associated with their processing in order to protect the security of personal data and, specifically, to prevent their corruption, damage, or use by unauthorized third parties.
We use technical and organizational security measures to protect the data We hold about You against accidental or deliberate manipulation, loss, deletion, or unauthorized access. Our security measures are being improved continuously as new technology develops.
We are determined to combat the threat of online identity theft. For this reason, We use a fraud detection system for payments made by credit or debit card. The system is designed to protect customers in case of loss or theft of credit or debit cards.
How Can You Keep Your Personal Information Safe and Secure?  Learn more >>
• Keep Your booking reference confidential.
When You make a booking, You will be given a booking reference such as a PNR (Passenger Name Record) and/or a ticket number. This will appear on the email confirmation or ticket of each person in Your booking. You should keep Your booking reference confidential at all times.
Giving Your booking reference to others may allow them to access Your booking details through Our system. If You are traveling with others and would not like Your individual booking details to be accessible by them, You may prefer to have each person make separate bookings, to be paid for individually.
• _Keep Your loyalty scheme details (i.e. Miles &Smiles number/Registered Customer log-in details) confidential. _
To make sure Your access to the Online Channels is secure, We recommend that customers avoid communicating passwords to others. When You finish using the Online Channels and/or social media accounts (especially if these accounts are linked together) You should log out if others are able to access Your computer or device, and especially when using a public device to access the web. This way, other users will not be able to access Your personal data.
• Be aware of and protect yourself against Internet fraud and “phishing.”
There is an Internet fraud practice known as "phishing" which is the illegal gathering of personal information by deception. Unsolicited emails are sent to individuals from lists illegally gathered by a third party, and recipients are asked to enter or reconfirm bank or password details into a "cloned" or illegal copy web site.
For Your protection, please be aware of the following guidance:
• You will only be asked for Your card payment details if You wish to change or claim a refund of Your booking on the Online Channels. We require this information specifically in relation to Your booking. Our Customer Relations team might ask for Your bank details if they are going to credit Your account directly, after You have raised a claim with Us.
Click here for Our Cookie Policy
