The following text is extracted and transformed from the magentic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-11-09. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Magentic - Privacy Policy
Full Privacy Policy
This statement applies to IncrediMail Ltd.'s ("IncrediMail") information collection and use policies with respect to use of the Site and Software ("Magentic"). By using Magentic you consent to the data practices described in this Statement.
THE SITE
We do not request nor collect any personal information from Users who simply visit the Site.
Customer support forms
IncrediMail may post from time to time customer support forms. These forms may ask for personally and non-personally identifiable information including but not limited to license registration information, purchase information and a valid email address. This information will be used solely for the purpose of providing efficient customer support.
Newsletter subscription
IncrediMail may post from time to time a newsletter subscribe/unsubscribe forms. These forms may ask for a valid email address. This information will be used solely for the purpose of subscription to or unsubscription from the Magentic newsletter list.
COOKIES
"Cookies" are pieces of information that are placed on an individual's computer hard drive to enable the individual to more easily communicate and interact with Magentic. IncrediMail may use cookies to save certain information about a User and others who visit the Magentic Web Site, in order to facilitate and enhance future activities with the Software and/or Web Site. IncrediMail does not use cookies to retrieve information from a computer that is unrelated to the Software.
IncrediMail currently contracts with several online partners to help manage and optimize its Internet business and communications. IncrediMail uses the services of a marketing company to help it measure the effectiveness of its advertising and how visitors use this Site. To do this, IncrediMail use Web beacons and cookies provided by IncrediMail's marketing company on the Site. The type of information IncrediMail collects includes the pages visited, the product codes and prices that visitors purchase and coupons that were used during purchase. By supplementing IncrediMail's records, this information helps IncrediMail learn things like what pages are most attractive to visitors of the Site, which of IncrediMail's products most interest its customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although IncrediMail's marketing company manages the information coming from the Site on behalf of IncrediMail, IncrediMail control how that data may and may not be used.
We may use an outside advertising company to display advertisements on the Magentic. These ads may contain cookies. The advertisement company may collect cookies received with outside ad banners. We do not have access to information that would confirm the use of cookies by the advertising company.
IP ADDRESSES
An Internet Protocol address is a number that's automatically assigned to a computer when using the Internet. Web servers can automatically identify individual computers by their IP address. IncrediMail may collect IP addresses in order to: Facilitate system administration; Diagnose system problems; Report aggregate User information; and Avoid hacking attacks on the Magentic servers. IncrediMail does not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information, even if such information is voluntarily provided by a User.
OTHER WEB SITES; LINKS
The Site may contain links to other Web sites. IncrediMail is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
The Site may also links to 3rd party e-commerce solutions that collect the purchaser's name, email address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date when ordering licenses to Magentic products. This allows them to process and fulfill orders and provide notification of the order status.
THE SOFTWARE
The Software allows Users to manage their desktop wallpapers and screensavers. To get started, a User must first download the Software. While installing the Software some information will be collected as described more fully below.
Software Registration Information
During the installation process, Magentic will collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you, such as country, language, Magentic version ID, Magentic setup ID, affiliate IDs, and installation date. Other than this information Magentic will not collect nor maintain any other personally or non-personally identifiable information about any User.
OUR USE OF THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
IncrediMail will only use information that is provided in order to provide Users with importantinformation about the Software (such as upgrades, modifications, etc.)and to announce new products and services available to Users.Except as necessary to perform the functions of the Software and/or Site, IncrediMail will not share, sell or lease any personally identifiable information about any Userto any unaffiliated third party for any purpose without that User's permission.
Non- Personally Identifiable Information
IncrediMail will use certain non-personally identifiable information provide by Users for the following purposes: To create aggregate, non-personal, demographic reports about the Users of Magentic. Provide Users with certain content that may be of interest to that User based on the information the User provides.
GENERAL USAGE PATTERNS
IncrediMail may gather information related generally to Users' use of the Software, and Site including without limitation: current wallpaper, current screensaver, Magentic manager open and close time, Magentic tray startand end time. This information, which will only be collected and maintained in aggregate, anonymous form, will be used to, among other things: Provide IncrediMail with a better understanding of how Users use the Software and the various features thereof; Help IncrediMail to create and provide new services and offerings to Users; and Conduct and publish aggregate, anonymous, market research results.
COMPUTER SETTINGS
Magentic may collect settings, technical and other information from Users' computers, such as a computer's operating system, browser versions used, various communication parameters and other information related to the operation and interaction of the Software, subject to the provisions herein. This information will neither contain nor be linked to any personally identifiable information.
CONSENT TO PROCESSING
Users, including without limitation, Users in the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of their non-personally identifiable information, in the United States.
LEGAL DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, IncrediMail shall, pursuant to valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order, allow access to all available and relevant information, including Users' IP addresses, in order to comply with such valid legal process and to otherwise protect IncrediMail's rights and property. If warranted, IncrediMail may also allow access to this information in special emergencies where physical safety is at risk.
SECURITY
While there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet, we will take all reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personally identifiable information.
OTHER WEB SITES; LINKS
The Software and/or the Site may contain links to other Web sites. IncrediMail is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
CHOICE; OPT OUT
Our Site provides Users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving certain communications from us. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please contact our customer service center by clicking here.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
IncrediMail will occasionally update this Privacy Statement. When we do, we will also revise the "Effective Date" of the Privacy Statement. For material changes to this Statement, IncrediMail will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Magentic Web site. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to be informed of how IncrediMail is helping to protect your information.
All questions concerning the Magentic Privacy Policy should be directed here.
Effective Date: September 4, 2006
