The following text is extracted and transformed from the skubana.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Skubana, All-in-One e-Commerce Solutions
Skubana  Privacy Policy
Overview
Skubana is committed to protecting Your privacy and information in accordance with the highest consumer protection standards. All capitalized terms used herein have the same definitions as in the Skubana Terms of Service.
Our privacy policy is designed with You in mind, and it is integral that You have a comprehensive understanding of Our information collection and usage practices, as well as full confidence that ultimately, You have control of the personal and commercial information You provide to Skubana. In summary, while You should read each provision in this Privacy Policy, You note that by using the Skubana Service:
You understand and agree that if You disclose Your personal or commercial information to Us, We may create a database record about You in connection with the Service;
You understand and agree that We may collect information necessary to provide You with the Service, and You agree that this information may be disclosed to service partners (who may be third parties) for those purposes;
You understand and agree that We may use cookies on Your browser in connection with the Service (which You may remove);
You understand and agree that We may contact You with information about products and services that may be of interest to You, in accordance with Our opt-in/opt-out policy; and
You understand and agree that Your use of the Service indicates Your consent to the Skubana Privacy Policy and to the Skubana Terms of Service, available at https://skubana.atlassian.net/wiki/display/LEG/Skubana+Terms+of+Service.  Your continued use of the Skubana Service indicates Your consent to any future changes in the Skubana Privacy Policy and in the Skubana Terms of Service.
What information is collected and how do We use it?
Skubana will not collect or monitor any personal or commercial information about You without Your consent. The only personal or commercial information We collect is what You provide Us or input in the course of Your use of the Service.  If, after agreeing to allow Us to use Your information for a particular purpose, You decide that You do not want Your information to be used in that manner, You must contact Us by e-mail at info@skubana.com or log on to the Service and change Your preferences. Skubana collects information from You at several different points in Your use of the Service:
New Account Registration
What information is collected?
When You register for an account with Skubana, You will be asked to create a login name and password, as well as to provide Your contact and company information, such as Your name, title and email address.
When You use the Service, You may input information into the System, such as order, inventory, customer and warehouse management information.
You may also be asked to provide billing information, such as Your credit card type, card number, expiration date, security code and billing address.
We collect the above information for the following purposes:
To identify You when You use the Service in order to customize and personalize Your experience.
We may use aggregated data collected from users of the Service in order to monitor and improve the Service.         We may also provide such aggregated data to other parties. Any such uses will not disclose or allow for the discovery of any non-aggregated information.
To maintain the security of the Service.
To prepare and send invoices to You for Your use of the Service.
To prevent credit card fraud.
To contact You when necessary in connection with Your use of the Service.
To send You periodical updates, product/service information and/or newsletters, if You have signed up to receive them.
Use of Service
What information is collected?
Session information such as IP (Internet Protocol) addresses, browser types and operating systems.
Cookies: When You use the Service as a guest or as an account holder, cookies may be stored on Your computer. Cookies are small text files containing some information about Your preferences and allows Your usage to be tracked. The use of cookies is now an industry standard, and You will find them used on most major websites. You can always choose to disable cookies from being stored on Your computer by changing Your browser settings. Disabling cookies, however, may result in a limited experience of Our functionality and services, and in some cases may mean that We are unable to provide You with the Service, or parts of the Service. Some of Our business partners whose content is incorporated into or linked to from Our site may also use cookies. However, We have no access to or control over these cookies.
Why do We collect it?
Session information is used to troubleshoot technical issues and improve site usability.
Cookies are used to identify You when You use the Service, and potentially avoid repeated entry of usernames or passwords.
Aggregated user data may be used to collected from cookies Skubana may be able to make improvements to Our site based on the aggregated usage statistics collected from cookies. These aggregated usage statistics are anonymous to third parties.
Customer Contact
What information is collected? If You contact Skubana by telephone, email or otherwise, the details of Your contact, Your contact information and Your comments may be kept on record.
Why do We collect it?
To learn how to improve the Service.
To follow up on Your feedback by corresponding with You.
To send You information about products and services that may be of interest to You (subject to Our opt-in/opt-out policy).
Online Surveys
What information is collected?
From time to time, Skubana may conduct market research surveys either by itself or by employing the services of a third party to do so on Our behalf. You may choose to participate in Our surveys, and Your answers to Our survey, as well as Your contact information, may be kept on record.  In such instances, the information You provide will be protected in a manner that is consistent with the Skubana Privacy Policy. Please note that the information You provide through Our surveys will be used on an aggregated basis unless We inform You otherwise beforehand.
Why do We collect it?
To learn from how to improve the Service.
To send You information about products and services that may be of interest to You.
Who do We share Your information with?
We do not share personal or commercial information with anyone outside of Skubana unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your consent. We may share Your personal or commercial information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Skubana when We have Your specific consent to do so.
With account managers. If Your Skubana account is managed for You by a Skubana employee representative, such as an account manager, then that person will have access to Your Skubana account information. Your Skubana employee representative may be able to:
view statistics regarding Your account, such as statistics regarding information uploaded to the Systems, or apps that are connected to the Systems.
change Your account password.
suspend or terminate Your account access.
access or retain information stored as part of Your account.
receive Your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
restrict Your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings.
For external processing
We may provide Your personal or commercial information to Our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us in connection with the Service, based on Our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with Our partners – like integrated and strategic partners, customers, vendors or connected sites. For example, We may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of Our services.
Processing of information on the Service and the transmission of messages between You and Skubana relating to the Service, including Your account related data, may involve transmissions, processing or storage via various third-party networks or systems (which may or may not be secure) and to various countries outside of the United States.
For legal reasons. We may share Your personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Skubana if We have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Skubana, Our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
If Skubana is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, We will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Links may be present on the Service that result in You leaving the Service and being taken to services or web sites controlled by other parties. Any information that You provide to such third party services or web sites are not subject to this Skubana Privacy Privacy, and We strongly recommend that You make Yourself aware of the privacy and security policies of all third party services or web sites that You access.
You have control over Your information!
Opt-In and Opt-Out Policy. By agreeing to the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, You agree to the following:
If You are a paying subscriber to the Service, You consent to receive information from Skubana, which may include newsletters, product information and service offers by email.       You may opt out of receiving such information at any time.
If You are not a paying subscriber to the Service, We will not send You any information without Your prior consent.       You may opt in to receipt of additional information, or opt out of receipt of information, at any time.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, You may not opt out of receiving invoices or other information important to the operation of the Service or Your account, at the sole discretion of Skubana.
All opt-in and opt-out requests may take up to several days to implement.
Accessing Your information and retention of information
You may at any time access and change Your account or personal information or subscribed services. You can easily access Your personal information if You log in to Your account with Skubana, or You can follow the links that may be provided within Our emails to You to manage Your preferences. Although We will take reasonable steps to keep Your information accurate, complete and up-to-date, We request that You keep Your information as current as possible so that We may continue to improve the Service.
We will only withhold Your access to such information in extremely limited circumstances where it is permitted and/or required by law, such as where it might create a dangerous situation, compromise an investigation or court proceeding, compromise Skubana’s business efforts, or improperly disclose the personal information of another.
Skubana may (but is not obliged to) retain Your information for periods of time, at Skubana’s sole discretion.
Minors
As We cannot distinguish the age of persons who access Our site, a blanket privacy policy is applied. Skubana does not intend nor does it seek to receive any personal information from minors. Should a parent or guardian have reason to believe that a minor has provided Skubana with personal information without their prior consent, please contact Us to ensure that the information is removed and that We unsubscribe them from any promotional contact opportunities.
Information security
Skubana has implemented technology and security features to safeguard the privacy of Your personal information. A secure server protects Your personal information. Additionally, with Skubana, You can be assured that the information You provide to Skubana is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. If You become aware of any security breach, please let Us know as soon as possible.
We have internal procedures in place requiring Our employees and data processors to respect the confidentiality of any personal or commercial information held by Skubana. We restrict access to customers’ personal and commercial information to Skubana employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it in connection with the Service, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Skubana will endeavor to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information that  We hold about You. Your information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities. Skubana will not be held responsible for events arising from third parties gaining unauthorized access to Your personal information, or people with access exceeding their authority.
Please note also that Skubana may use overseas facilities to process or back up its information. As a result, We may transfer and store Your personal information in such overseas facilities. However, this does not change any of Our commitments to safeguard Your privacy.
Keep Your password safe
You can play Your part in safeguarding Your personal information by never disclosing Your login name, password or account information to anybody. Whenever You log in to the Service, particularly on somebody else’s computer or on public computers, You should always log out at the end of Your session. Your assistance will help Us protect the privacy of Your personal information.
Skubana cannot be held responsible for lapses in security caused by third party access to information as a result of Your failure to keep Your personal, commercial or security information private. Please notify Us immediately if there is any unauthorized use of Your account by any other Internet user or any other breach of security.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and We may not notify You of all such changes.  It is Your obligation to check for changes to Our Privacy Policy.  You agree that Your continued use of the Service after changes to Our Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes.  We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, We will try to provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for Your review upon request.
Thank You for taking the time to understand the Skubana Privacy Policy.
