The following text is extracted and transformed from the utahgunexchange.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-09. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
What information is stored
Cookies.  Many web browsers use cookies.  Cookies download certain parts of our website and store them on your computer.  This makes access to our site easier when you come back to see us again.
Personally identifiable information.  For those who create user accounts, we may collect personal information such as your personally identifiable information.  For visitors of this site, only routine information is collected as a means of analytical analysis.  This routine information is not personally identifiable.
Where your information is stored
_Information storage.  _We store our clients personal information on a secure server in the United States.  The information we collect for analytics is also stored on a secure server in the United States.  When you visit this site, you give us your permission to store the above information.
How this information is used
Third parties.  Some of the information we receive is stored by third parties.  For routine analytics information, your personally identified information is not stored by third parties.  We keep our users’ information stored on secure third party servers and do not transfer this information without our users’ consent or other lawful order.  A client is defined as an individual, corporation or person that engages us for legal services.
Make viewing faster.  Cookies and other stored information is used to make viewing faster when you visit our site again.
Changes to this policy
Changes.  We may make changes to this policy at a future date.  We will post that change here at that point in time.  We will notify our clients of any change to our privacy policy.
Effective date of the policy
Date.  This policy is effective 19 March 2013.
Contact
Contact us. If you have any questions about this policy, please feel free to contact Utah Gun Exchange, LLC.
