The following text is extracted and transformed from the utar.edu.my privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-14. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
PRIVACY NOTICE
This is a Privacy Notice and shall govern UTAR in dealing with protection of personal data. To protect personal data, the Notice may be changed from time to time.
Personal Data Protection Act 2010 ("PDPA") came into force on 15 November 2013, therefore Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman ("UTAR") is hereby bound to make notice and require consent in relation to collection, recording, storage, usage and retention of personal data.
What is personal data
Personal data refers to any information which may directly or indirectly identify a person which could include sensitive personal data and expression of opinion. Among others it includes :-
Name
Identity card
Place of Birth
Address
Examination Result
Education History
Employment History
Medical History
Blood type
Race
Religion
Photo
Sources of personal data
In processing relevant services, UTAR may obtain personal data from various sources such as:
Your self
from your application forwarded to us. By submitting any application to us, you are hereby obtained consent for the information to be declared in the application.
There could be capturing of images or audios e.g. CCTV for safety and/or recording purposes. A notice will be displayed to the effect.
Third parties
UTAR affiliates in competition or survey or research or programmes.
your participation with other entities
your guardian, legal representative or guarantor.
there maybe cross reference of your personal data for loan application or credit reference
previous education institutions or employers
Websites
your IP address is automatically login into our server. Generally we do not link your IP address to identify each link unless in case of serious breach.
you may adjust your browser to disable 'cookies' to prevent storage of certain information in your system.
Purpose of personal data:
In servicing our obligations, the purposes for which your personal data may be used are inclusive but not limited to:-
For assessment of any application to UTAR
For processing any benefits and services
For communication purposes
For advertorial and news
For general administration and record purposes
For enhancing the value of education
For educational and related purposes consequential to UTAR
For replying any responds to complaints and enquiries
For the purpose of our corporate governance
For consideration as a guarantor for UTAR staff/ student applying for his/her scholarship/ study loan
Disclosure of personal data:
UTAR is under legal obligation to secure and protect confidential information including but not limited to personal data prior and after PDPA and it is our continuous and existing policy to do so.
In order to be effective in providing continuous service, certain disclosure needs to be exercised. Your personal data may be transferred and/or disclosed to third party and/or UTAR collaborative partners including but not limited to the respective and appointed outsourcing agents for purpose of fulfilling our obligations to you in respect of the purposes and all such other purposes that are related to the purposes and also in providing integrated services, maintaining and storing records.
In processing your welfare and/or providing our services, it is very important to transmit or share personal information to third parties, including but not limited to:-
insurance company for processing insurance claims
financial institutions for payment of financial rewards eg scholarship, loan, allowance, salary
entities/affiliates for any loan/scholarship award or recognition and education-related activities
your authorized third parties
your guardian or legal representative or guarantor
credit rating agency for credit reference in loan related application
enforcement regulatory and governmental agencies or by any order of court or to meet obligations to authorities
Your data may be shared when required by laws and when disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws.
Retention of personal data
Any personal information shall be retained by UTAR in order to serve the above purposes and as required by relevant laws and shall be destroyed and/or deleted in accordance with our retention policy applicable for us in the event such information is no longer required.
Our strict privacy policy
UTAR is committed in ensuring the confidentiality, protection, security and accuracy of your personal information made available to us and it has been our ongoing strict policy to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, not misleading and updated. UTAR would also ensure that your personal data shall not be used for political and commercial purposes.
UTAR takes a high stand that protection of personal rights is well-established long before the introduction of PDPA. PDPA now serves as an apparent Act to protect and a defined tool to provide transparency and give public awareness in how personal data is dealt.
Subject to relevant applicable laws, sensitive personal data shall only be disclosed upon your express consent from your self.
Access to your personal data
You may access and update your personal data by writing to us at rgo@utar.edu.my (Attention: Ms Yim Lin Heng). We may require further details or confirmations if necessary.
Consent is fundamental
By submitting or providing your personal data to UTAR, you had consented and agreed for your personal data to be used in accordance to the terms and conditions in the Notice and our relevant policy.
Withdrawal of consent
You may withdraw consent at any time by writing to us. We may require further details or confirmations if necessary.
If you do not consent or subsequently withdraw your consent to the processing and disclosure of your personal data, UTAR will not be able to fulfill our obligations or to contact you or to reward or to assist you in respect of the purposes and/or for any other purposes related to the purpose.
Dual Version
The Privacy Notice shall be in English and Malay. In the event of inconsistency, English version shall prevail.
Updated 27th January 2014
