The following text is extracted and transformed from the sorcerers.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-16. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Sorcerer's Place - Privacy Policy
|  |
| Sections
News/Main
Games [Store]
Fantasy Books
SF/Fantasy DVDs
Fantasy Worlds
Community
SPS Accounts
^^^ 50% off special!
Hosting
Info/Contact
Search
Featured Shot
"Who said you can't win tilting at windmills?!"
**Submit Your Screenshot!
Discuss / Archives **
Latest Releases
Buy Planescape: Torment: Enhanced Edition now!
|  Location: News/Main
Privacy Policy (last updated May 22, 2018)
GDPR Updates
Exponential Interactive, Inc, as our partner, have a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online advertising and ad measurement. For more details including opt-out requests, access requests or complaints, please review their privacy policy or contact their data protection officer via privacy@exponential.com.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use their services
User Information
For some scripts and sections of the site, you will be required to register. Your information provided all remain your private properties. Sorcerer's Place does not give out information to any other parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
For example, by setting a cookie on our forums, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time. If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
Advertising and Third Party Content
The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by our advertising partners. Information about your visit to this site, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you on this site.
We use Google and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google, please click here.
You may also opt out of any advertising information collection and use by following this link to NAI.
Disclosure
Sorcerer's Place openly volunteers its practices of collecting information, its targeting capabilities, and its use of cookies. If you have any questions pertaining to this privacy policy and its contents, please contact us.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Regardless of later updates, we will never use the information you submit under this current policy in a new way without first providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prevent that use.
Top
|  |  | Subsections
Game/SP News
Infinity Engine Modding News
Latest Resources & Downloads
Articles/Editorials
Archives
Features
Community Forums
Chatrooms
Media Gallery
Gameplay Videos
Upload Files
Articles/Editorials
Mod Reviews
Sorcerer's Place Stores: Games, DVDs, Books
Downloads currently hosted on SP: 1157
Adventurer currently exploring SP: 1
Forumites currently online: 72 users
Supporter Login
Username:
Password:
Ad Display Level (help)
· Become a supporter!
· Lost login info?
Supporting SP
Has Sorcerer's Place been useful? If you'd like to show your appreciation for our hard work on the site, and help us pay the bills the site generates every month, please consider helping support SP. Thank you!
Random Quote
Baldur's Gate, Tales of the Sword Coast, Baldur's Gate 2, Throne of Bhaal, Baldur's Gate 3, Neverwinter Nights, Shadows of Undrentide, Hordes of the Underdark and Dragon Age: Origins are © BioWare. Icewind Dale, Heart of Winter, Trials of the Luremaster, Icewind Dale 2 and Planescape: Torment are © Interplay. Pool of Radiance: Ruins of Myth Drannor is © SSI. Dragonshard, Forgotten Realms: Demon Stone, Neverwinter Nights 2, Mask of the Betrayer, Storm of Zehir, Mysteries of Westgate, The Temple of Elemental Evil, Dungeons & Dragons Online: Stormreach are © Atari, Inc. Dungeons & Dragons material is © Wizards of the Coast. All original content is © Sorcerer's Place. Please read our Privacy Policy and Legal Disclaimer.
