The following text is extracted and transformed from the organic-redwine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-12. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Kobe Beef from Japan - Christmas Gift Privacy Policy
Wagyu Beef - Home Page
Steaks - USDA Prime Beef
Dry Aged Beef - USDA Prime
Roasts - USDA Prime Beef
Grass Fed Beef
Kobe Beef - Steak Sampler
Aus Kobe Beef - Score 3
Aus Kobe Beef - Score 4
Aus Kobe Beef - Score 5
Aus Kobe Beef - Score 6
Aus Kobe Beef - Score 7
Aus Kobe Beef - Score 8
Aus Kobe Beef - Score 9
Aus Kobe Beef - Score 10
Aus Kobe Beef - Score 11
Aus Kobe Beef - Score 12
Dry Aged Wagyu Beef
Wagyu Beef from Japan
Japanese Filetmignon Steak
Japanese New York Steak
Japanese Rib Eye Steak
Japanese Top Sirloin
Japanese Flat Iron Steak
Japanese Shabu Shabu
Japanese Chateaubriand
100% Pure Wagyu Beef
Kobe Beef Burgers
Kobe Beef Hot Dogs
Kobe Beef Bacon
Kobe Beef Sausages
Brisket - Pastrami
Wagyu Filet Mignon Steak
Wagyu New York Strip Steak
Wagyu Rib Eye Steak
Wagyu Tomahawk Steak
Wagyu Prime Rib Roast
Wagyu Porterhouse Steak
Wagyu T-Bone Steak
Wagyu Top Sirloin Steak
Wagyu Beef - Greg Norman
Ibérico Pork from Spain
Kurobuta - Berkshire Pork
Alaskan King Crab Legs
Lobster Tails
Lamb - Veal
Toro - Chutoro - Otoro
Foie Gras
Truffle Butter
Takumi Binchotan Charcoal
Exotic Meats
Wasabi from Japan
Seafood
Testimonials
Holiday Specials
Gourmet Gift Clubs
Electronic Gift Certificate
Wagyu Beef Wholesale
Links to Kobe Beef
Bookmark Us
TOLL FREE:1.877.398.0141
Search Kobe Beef
| | |
This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see theYahoo! Privacy Policy for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information.
click here. Yahoo! takes your security seriously and takes reasonable steps to protect your information. No data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The following is a summary of the measures Yahoo! takes to protect your information and descriptions of ways we implement these measures for different types of information you may provide to us. Please see our Security Center for additional information on how to reduce your security risk when online. Yahoo! continues to evaluate and implement enhancements in security technology and practices, however we can only take steps to help reduce the risks of unauthorized access. Each individual using the Internet can take steps to help protect their information and further minimize the likelihood that a security incident may occur. We describe some of those measures and provide links to information that may be helpful in these pages and within our Security Center.
Security Steps We Have Taken
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Yahoo! uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, such as financial services information or payment information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window during SSL transactions that involve credit cards and other forms of payment. Any time Yahoo! asks you for a credit card number on Yahoo! for payment or for verification purposes, it will be SSL encrypted. The information you provide will be stored securely on our servers. Once you choose to store or enter your credit card number on Yahoo!, it will not be displayed back to you in its entirety when you retrieve or edit it in the future. Instead of the entire number, you will only see asterisks and either the first four digits or the last four digits of your number. Security Key The Yahoo! Security Key is an additional optional layer of security to control access to sensitive information or services on Yahoo!. Users of financial services such as Yahoo! Wallet, PayDirect, Yahoo! Bill Pay, and Money Manager are asked to create a security key during the sign-up process or when you purchase certain services that require a Yahoo! Wallet. Please note that the Security Key automatically "times out" after an hour and requires the user to sign in again to access Security Key protected areas. Secure Storage Yahoo! maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you. Vendors and Partners Yahoo! works with vendors and partners to protect the security and privacy of user information. Employee and Contractor Access to Information Yahoo! limits access to personal information about you to those employees who we reasonably believe need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. Education and Training for Employees Yahoo! has implemented a company-wide education and training program about security that is required of every Yahoo! employee. Security Steps You Can Take The following is information about topics that you may want to learn more about and steps you can take to help maintain your account and computer security when online.
---|---|---
