The following text is extracted and transformed from the omniglot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-03. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Omniglot Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Omniglot uses and protects any information that you give Omniglot when you use this website.
Please note that Omniglot is a one-man operation, and that man is me, Simon Ager.
Omniglot is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should I ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Omniglot may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 7th June 2018.
What I collect
I do not collect any personal information about you. However, if you send me an email, this will be saved in my email client. If you contact me via Skype, Facebook, Twitter or Google+, your messages will be saved in those applications.
What I do with the information I gather
If you make a contribution to Omniglot, such as sending corrections or new material, I will put your name on the relevant page(s), or on the contributors' page, to acknowledge your contribution. If you prefer to remain anonymous, please let me know.
I occasionally may give your contact details to other visitors to this site who you might be able to help with a language-related question. If you would prefer not be contacted in this way, please let me know.
If you submit an article or a constructed script, I may put your name and email address in a HTML comment at the bottom of the page. This is only visible if you view the source code. If someone else wishes to contact you about the article or script, this helps me remember your details, rather than searching through my email. If you prefer not to be contacted about your article(s), please let me know.
Security
I am committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, I have put in place suitable safeguards to secure your information.
I will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless I am required by law to do so.
Cookies
Some advertisers on this site place small data files called cookies on your device.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How Omniglot use cookies
No cookies are used by Omniglot, however they are used by some of the affiliate advertisers on this site. Such cookies store data about when you visit their sites, what you look at and what, if anything you buy there. With this data affiliates know how much commission to pay to Omniglot, which helps support this site and its creator.
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish - for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Links to other websites
This website contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave Omniglot, you should note that I do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, I cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
I use Google AdSense Advertising on this website.
More about how Google uses cookies
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact me.
Last Edited on 7th June 2018.
If you need to type in many different languages, the Q International Keyboard can help. It enables you to type almost any language that uses the Latin, Cyrillic or Greek alphabets, and is free.
If you like this site and find it useful, you can support it by making a donation, or by contributing in other ways. Omniglot is how I make my living.
