The following text is extracted and transformed from the nodiatis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-01-26. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
|
|
Overview
Glitchless LLC (sole owner/operator of Nodiatis) respects and works to protect your privacy!  The information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed.  The information you give to Glitchless LLC will not be used in ways in which you have not consented.  A more detailed explanation is given below.  If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us.
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties:
Glitchless LLC does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including membership forms or e-mail lists.
Information Automatically Logged:
Glitchless LLC logs IP addresses for systems administration and security purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user's session and behavior.  IP addresses are linked to player accounts which may include personally identifiable information including but not limited to e-mail addresses.  This is necessary to maintain the integrity of our server's security, blocking both the IP addresses and disabling player accounts of problem visitors.
Use of cookies:
For your convenience we use cookies on our site to store account names and optionally account passwords.  It is important to understand that this information is stored on your machine and thus can be retrieved by anyone who has access to your computer.  It is highly recommended that you do not store your password with cookies (select "No" when prompted at the login screen) if you share your computer with others.  If for some reason you would rather not take advantage of the benefits made possible with cookies entirely, most browsers allow you to disable the use of cookies completely.
Privacy of our Beta Testers:
Glitchless LLC maintains an email lists to keep players informed about breaking events and game updates.  Upon requesting registering account your email is recorded so that we may contact you for further instructions.  We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease the addresses on our list to anyone.  In addition, we configure our list server software to refuse to divulge the email addresses of our list subscribers to anyone but authorized Glitchless LLC staff personnel.
|
©2011 Glitchless LLC | PP | ToU | Credits | RPG Test | Tops List | Forums
