The following text is extracted and transformed from the gtdownload.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
GTdownload.com - Your free download software collection.
Tecma Group, LP Upgrades Communications Systems to Better Serve Its Mexico Manufacturing Client Base
El Paso-based service provider stresses infrastructure as a key to Mexico manufacturing success. [read more]
Cri-Report - the Market for Sensors in the Internet-of-Things Market, 2013-2020
This report contains granular eight-year forecasts of all of these applications with breakouts of the kinds of sensors and hubs used in each and in both volume and value terms. [read more]
SEO Company in California Achieves Success for Koi Market
Sinai Marketing, an SEO company in California, recently helped Koi Market's website achieve organic SEO success for the company's desired keywords. [read more]
Excel Software Integrates Safe Activation with Online Shopping Cart and Payment Services
Safe Activation has been integrated with a dozen online shopping cart and payment services to instantly deliver Serial Numbers for activation during the shopping process. The online server automates license management for protected software, documents, p [read more]
Think IT Association Announces New Professional Development Group for SAP Professionals
Think IT, a professional development association for IT professionals in the Twin Cities, has announced the launch of its newest group designed for SAP professionals. The Think IT SAP Professionals Collaboration group will be open to SAP technical, functi [read more]
GL Announces Voice Feature Testing for Next Generation Networks
GL Communications Inc. announced today the release of its latest Voice Feature Testing Application for Next Generation Networks. Speaking to reporters, Mr. Vijay Kulkarni CEO of the company said, “Next Generation Networks (NGNs) are based on broadb [read more]
TechNavio Announces the Publication of Its Research Report - Global Location-based Search and Advertising Market 2012-2016
TechNavio's report, the Global Location-based Search and Advertising Market 2012-2016, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts.The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this marke [read more]
Daminion Server 0.9.9b - Digital Assets Can be Annotated Faster
Daminion Software, a company specializing in digital photo management solutions since 1999, unveils a new update for Daminion Server – the low-cost network friendly digital image management software for small teams. With the new version of Daminion [read more]
GetEngaged.com Announces Partnership with AffiliateManager.com
Diamond Manufacturer & Retailer Joins Leading Affiliate Management Program [read more]
Scope Wins Most Innovative Program Award at NASSCOM Corporate Awards for Excellence in Diversity and Inclusion
Scope has been honored with the Most Innovative Program Award at the NASSCOM Corporate Awards for Excellence in Diversity and Inclusion - 2012. A Quatrro Group company, Scope is a leading provider of content enhancement and knowledge services. [read more]
Advanced MES Functionality for Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 Now Available
Microsoft Dynamics AX Gold Partner, Ellipse Solutions, and Memex Automation creator of the Manufacturing Execution System (MES), MERLIN, partnered to expand the Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 enterprise resource planning (ERP) solution to include MERLIN’ [read more]
Multicore Association Rolls Out Developer’s Guide to Software Programming for Multicore Designs
The Multicore Association announces the Multicore Programming Practices guide, which is a detailed set of best practices for writing multicore-ready embedded software. The guide, which is collectively written by a wide range of industry experts, outlines [read more]
GoldKey Launches “2-Factor Now” Program for Enhanced Security with Microsoft Active Directory
GoldKey provides fast, convenient, and secure login to Active Directory across multiple computers with GoldKey Security Tokens. [read more]
**Daniel W. McDonald, Partner, Merchant & Gould P.C. to Speak at KC’s How to Prove Damages in Patent, Trademark and Copyright Cases Live Webcast **
The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced that Daniel W. McDonald, Partner, Merchant & Gould P.C. will speak at the Knowledge Congress’ webcast entitled: &# [read more]
PROLIM Corporation President Recognized in CBS Detroit News
PROLIM Global Corporation, an IT, PLM and Engineering services consulting firm is pleased to announce today that PROLIM Corporation President Prabhu Patil Recognized in CBS Detroit News under Leader and Innovator sponsored by Lawrence Technology Universit [read more]
Express scribe free transcription player
Free convert quicktime 2 m4v
Mitcalc - springs - 15 types
Express invoice free for mac
After ftp php script
Cours
Glosario quickbooks
Free express invoice
Free rm 2 h263
Cam hijacked
Express invoice plus
Smart flv converter pro
Multiblocks 2
Express dictate medical legal recorder
App9 free yuv to mov converter pro
Photo builder
Free small business accounting software
Zulu free professional dj software
Express dial professional phone dialer
Free shockwave flash 2 ipod u2 lite
Debut pro video capture software
Us civil records lookup
Dbqwiksite developer edition
Usa social security number lookup
Icq 8 downloaden
Dialdictate medical dictation system
Free shockwave to mpeg1 converter lite
Honda thousand oaks westlake independent
Quality blog
Ciclo lunare in excel
Astrologia in excel
Free adobe flash to archos se
Deep blue sea
Free flac 2 iriver audio pro
Acer aspire 5520 driver recovery cd
Absolute time server
Free wm audio to zen stone fast convert
Powered keylogger
Sophisticated multimedia software
Ubs 2870 software
Free course player
Free wmv to zen pro
Quick book enterprize 5.0
Style cop 4.3.2.1
Latest setup of c++
Vista photo gallery
Free audio to ogg convert
Windows password key
Free convert apple aac for zune audio
Free tod to wmp video pro
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Third-party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites
We allow other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within our site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on our site. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see.
We do not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that if an advertiser asks us to show an advertisement to a certain audience (for example, men ages 18-34) or audience segment (for example, men ages 18-24 who have viewed certain channels of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of our site, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any personally identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. Any data obtained by third-party ad servers subsequently shared with us is maintained and dealt with by us in accordance with this privacy policy.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: webmaster at gtdownload dot com
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
