The following text is extracted and transformed from the radford.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Radford University Privacy Statement
It is the policy of the Commonwealth of Virginia and Radford University that personal information about citizens will be collected to the extent necessary to provide the service or benefit desired and that only appropriate information will be collected.
This website:
Does not require you to provide personal information in order to access public areas. Some dynamic web sites and forms require you to enter personal information or authenticate in order to access information on those pages.
The majority of web pages on this site do not require a "cookie" on your computer. Specific applications, such as the university's webmail system, library server, and the library proxy server, do place a "cookie" on your computer. No user information is gathered through "cookies" except for that needed to run the specific application.
Radford University maintains security standards and procedures regarding unauthorized access to customer information to prevent unauthorized removal or alteration of data.
If you have access to the Internet your computer automatically has an Internet Protocol (IP) address, a series of distinct numbers that identify your computer. We use customer IP addresses to track the number of customers who visit our site and identify our most popular pages so that we can improve the site content and diagnose problems with our server.
You have the right to review and update the record we maintain about you in order to verify its accuracy. For review of your information, contact the following offices: prospective students contact the Admissions Office; current students contact the Registrar; faculty and staff contact Human Resources; alumni or former students contact the Office of Alumni Affairs. Please see campus contacts for phone numbers, email addresses and office locations.
Radford University does not share, sell, or trade database material such as email lists.
