The following text is extracted and transformed from the cheatingdome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-05. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
|
Legitimate Interest
Exponential Interactive, Inc, as our partner, have a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online advertising and ad measurement. For more details including opt-out requests, access requests or complaints, please review their privacy policy or contact their data protection officer via privacy@exponential.com
Cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and advertisements, to provide functions for social media and to analyse our website traffic. Also, we share information about your usage of our site with our partners for social media, advertising and analysis. These partners like for instance, Google, can combine this information with other information that you gave or which was collected based on the usage of their services.
For more detailed information how Google uses your information, please READ HERE.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here.
Registration
Our site may require you to register with us. This is to allow access to extra services that we provide for you. The information is not used for sending you newsletters or promotions unless stated.
Security
While we strive to keep the information that you supply directly or indirectly secure please be aware that the Internet is not a fully secure medium.
Usage of information
If requested we may submit your information to local or government authorities.
Competitions
From time to time we operate competitions and promotions. Participation in these is optional. Information submitted may be submitted to third parties, check individual competition rules. You may also be given an option to sign up for a free email newsletter, opting out of this does not disqualify you from a competition.
Policy changes
By using our site you agree to accept this privacy policy and are aware that our policy may change with time. Any changes to this policy will appear on this web page.
Recently added games and news to Cheating Dome !
Type:Rider, PlayStation 4
To Leave, PlayStation 4
Grand Museum VR, PlayStation 4
Gnomes Garden 2, PlayStation 4
Gate of Doom, PlayStation 4
Path To Luma, The, iPhone iPod
Hero Strike, iPhone iPod
Heart Star, iPhone iPod
Dead or Alive 6, PC
Dawn of Man, PC
Kill Strain, PlayStation 4
It's Spring Again, PlayStation 4
Little Fox, The, iPhone iPod
Line Zen, The, iPhone iPod
Lich Defense, iPhone iPod
Lane Splitter, iPhone iPod
Talking Tom Pool, Android
Party Of Heroes, Android
Papery Planes, Android
Tap Cats: Idle Warfare, iPhone iPod
Tap Busters, iPhone iPod
Tank Warz, iPhone iPod
Tallnum, iPhone iPod
Taichi Panda 3: Dragon Hunter, iPhone iPod
Walk On Arrow, PC
Jewel Quest Seven Seas, iPhone iPod
Jewel Factory, iPhone iPod
Happy Cafe, iPhone iPod
Daily Kitten, iPhone iPod
Tag With Ryan, Android
Thursday, October 11, 2018
Cheating Dome keeps you also updated with the latest codes for older games. So, if you did not complete a game you have on the shelf, try one of our codes.
Saturday, September 1, 2018
We are publishing more trainer information for the latest PC games. Check our pages and download the full version of the trainer you need at 'Cheat Happens'.
Monday, August 6, 2018
We have been optimizing the site the last few weeks, less ads, more speed and as always we keep bringing you the latest games.
Wednesday, July 11, 2018
Summer is here, and so more updates daily for all your games. Browse easily to your game from A to Z or use our search box.
Saturday, June 9, 2018
Coming up the next period, more Android and iPhone/iPod Touch games. We keep pushing out those achievements and trophies for PC, PS and Xbox.
Tuesday, May 15, 2018
This month, many updates for PC games, new Xbox one titles and PlayStation 4 games. Let's keep the cheats, tip and secrets dome alive!
|
