The following text is extracted and transformed from the chemicalelements.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-17. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Chemical Elements.com - License and Privacy Statement
Home
About This Site
Comments
Help
Links
Window Version
Show Table With:
Name
Atomic Number
Atomic Mass
Electron Configuration
Number of Neutrons
Melting Point
Boiling Point
Date of Discovery
Crystal Structure
Element Groups:
Alkali Metals
Alkaline Earth Metals
Transition Metals
Other Metals
Metalloids
Non-Metals
Halogens
Noble Gases
Rare Earth Elements
|    |
This site's license is rather simple, and is not written in words that only lawyers can understand. Please do not violate any of the items of this license.
Privacy Statement
ChemicalElements.com respects its visitors' privacy. The site never asks for identifying information. Logs are used only to gather general information regarding visitors, not specific information used to identify users of the site. Any information that is gathered will never be sold, rented, loaned or traded with a third party. Participants in the ChemicalElements.com survey are encouraged to read its privacy statement. If you have any questions regarding the site's privacy policy, please feel free to e-mail ChemicalElements.com.
Privacy Considerations from Ads
ChemicalElements.com uses advertising to support the costs of running the site. Some advertisers, advertising agencies, and other third parties that we contract with may place or read a "cookie," or a small bit of information, on your browser, to help collect information in the course of serving advertisements on the site. This is very common across the Internet, and does not cause concern for most users. If you are nevertheless concerned about cookies, please search for information on disabling cookies. Note that this may limit your use of many websites, although it should not affect your experience at ChemicalElements.com.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Some ads on this site are served by Google, which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy
Copying, Republishing, Mirroring
Please do not republish this site without permission. If you would like permission to do so, please e-mail me.
Printing
Feel free to print any part of this site. As long as you do not republish the site, in whole or in part, I have absolutely no problem with printing the site.
Linking
Feel free to link to any part of the site. If you are linking to the site as a whole, please use http://www.chemicalelements.com as the link URL. It is not necessary to e-mail me if you would like to link to the site.
Downloading
If you would like to download the site to your PC or for use on a school LAN in order to increase speed, please feel free to do so. However, I do ask you to make sure the site is not available over the web to the general public.
Using this site for illegal purposes
I cannot be held responsible for any unlawful use of this site.
Accuracy
I always try to make sure this site does not contain any inaccurate information. However, this is an impossible task. If you spot an error, please let me know. Meanwhile, I will continue to try to verify the information on the site. Please understand that I cannot be held responsible for any inaccurate information on this site.
Publicity
If you decide to give this site an award, or publish its URL in newspapers, television, magazines, etc., please e-mail me and let me know. Thanks!
Other
If you have any other questions about proper use of this site, feel free to e-mail me.
