The following text is extracted and transformed from the tvwise.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-21. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - TVWise
TVWise take issues surrounding privacy very seriously. The following policy lays out the type of information we collect on users of our site and how it is used. If you have any concerns regarding this policy you can email us at info@tvwise.co.uk
Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
Who We Are
TVWise (https://www.tvwise.co.uk/) is an independent trade outlet covering the British television industry. We provide day-to-day coverage across commissioning, development, the latest moves at the major broadcasters and production companies, as well as trends and developments affecting the wider industry. The site is owned and operated by Managing Director and Editor In Chief Patrick Munn. You can contact him on patrick@tvwise.co.uk.
What Personal Data We Collect & Why We Collect It
We may collect a range of personal data. What specific date we collect and how it is used is specified below:
TVWise uses cookies for the purposes of identifying when you access our site. Doing this enables us to pre-populate your email address on the comment forms on our articles. You may disable cookies but it may affect your ability to use this site’s functions.
We also utilise Google Analytics to collect general information about our users, such as IP addresses, operating systems and web browsers. This is done so we can better analyse the demographics of the users using our site as a whole.
MailChimp is used to deliver our daily newsletter, which features links to the new headlines of the day. When you sign up to receive the newsletter, your email address is sent to MailChimp and added to our distribution list. You may unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of newsletter emails.
TVWise’s partners may also uses cookies on our site. These third-parties may collect personal information, such as your IP address, through a variety of means (cookies, web beacons and JavaScript). These third-parties include Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Cloudflare and Amazon Web Services.
Disqus services the comments section on TVWise articles. When you comment on an article you are asked to enter an email address and name. The name you provide for such comments will, however, be publicly viewable. The data entered on the comment form is processed by Disqus, but can be seen by us for the purposes of preventing spam. Disqus also delivers adverts on TVWise in the comments section, using cookies and other similar technologies. Disqus’ privacy policy can be accessed here.
Google Adsense
Google AdSense currently utilises cookies on TVWise to service personalised ads. More specifically they use DART Cookies. If you wish to learn more or opt out of using DART Cookies and receiving personalised ads you may do so by visiting this page. When you click on advertisements provided by our third party partners you may be taken to another website. TVWise has no control over what content is displayed on such third party websites.
Google Adsense utilities a range of technology providers to serve ads on TVWise. Those providers include:
Google, A9.com, Amazon Europe Core SARL, Aarki, Adacado, Adara Media, AdClear, ADEX, Adform, Adikteev, AdLedge, Adloox, Adludio, AdMaxim, Admedo, Admetrics, Adobe Advertising Cloud, AdRoll, Inc. , AdTriba, advanced STORE GmbH, Adventori, advolution.control, affilinet, Akamai Technologies Inc., Amobee , Analights, AppLovin Corp., AppNexus, Arrivalist, AudienceProject, Aunica, Avocet, Batch Media, BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG, Beeswax, Betgenius, Bidswitch, Blismedia, Bombora, Booking.com, C3 Metrics, Cablato, Celtra, Centr, Cint, Clinch, Cloud Technologies, Cloudflare, Commanders Act, comScore, Conversant/CJ Affiliate, Crimtan, Criteo, CUBED, DataXu, Delta Projects, Demandbase, DENTSU, Dentsu Aegis Network, Digiseg, DMA Institute, DoubleVerify, Dstillery, DTS, EASYmedia, eBay, ebuilders,Effinity, emetriq, Ensighten, Essens, ESV, Evidon, Exactag, Exponential, Facebook, Flashtalking, Fractional Media, FUSIO BY S4M, Gemius, GfK, GP One, gskinner, Haensel AMS, Havas Media France – DBi, hurra.com, IBM, Ignition One, Impact, Index Exchange, Infectious Media, Innovid, Integral Ad Science, intelliAd, Interpublic Group, Jivox, Kantar, Kochava, LifeStreet, Liftoff, LiveRamp, Localsensor, LoopMe, Lotame, Macromill group, MainADV, Manage.com, Marketing Science Consulting Group, Inc., MBR Targeting Gmbh, MediaMath, Meetrics, MindTake Research, Mobitrans, Mobpro, Moloco Ads, MSI-ACI, Nano Interactive, Navegg, Neodata Group, NEORY GmbH, Netflix, Netquest, Neuralone, Neustar, Nielsen, Nordic Factory Solutions AB, numberly, Oath, Objective Partners, Omnicom Media Group, On Device Research, OneTag, OpenX Technologies, Optomaton, Oracle Data Cloud, OTTO, PERMODO, Pixalate, Platform161, PMG, Protected Media, Publicis Groupe, PubMatic, PulsePoint, Quantcast, Rackspace, Rakuten Marketing, Refined Labs, Relay42, Remerge, Resonate, RevJet, RhythmOne LLC, RN SSI Group, Roq.ad, RTB House, Rubicon Project, Salesforce DMP, Scenestealer, Scoota, Seenthis, Semasio GmbH, SFR, Sift Media, Simpli.fi, Sizmek, Smaato, Smadex, Smart, Smartology, Sociomantic, Sojern, Sovrn, Spotad, SpotX, TabMo, Taboola, TACTIC™ Real-Time Marketing, Teads.TV, TEEMO, The Trade Desk, Tradedoubler, travel audience – An Amadeus Company, TreSensa, TripleLift , True Ultimate Standards Everywhere Inc., TruEffect, Turbobytes, UDG, usemax (Emego GmbH), Videology, Vimeo, Virtual Minds, Vodafone GmbH, Waystack, Weborama, White Ops. Widespace, WPP, Yieldr, and ZMS.
Contact Forms
If you utilise the contact forms on either the ‘Contact Us’ or ‘Advertise With Us’ pages, the form will capture your IP address and may capture such information as your name, email address and phone number. This data is retained for less than a month or until such time as we have responded to your message.
Embedded Content
Articles on TVWise may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Legal Basis & Your Rights Under GDPR
The processing of both cookies and personal information is done via consent and you have the right to withdraw said consent at any time. That personal information will be retained indefinitely for statistical analysis purposes. We do not foresee your data ever being transferred to any third countries or international organisations unless otherwise disclosed in this policy.
Additionally, under GDPR you have the following rights:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
To exercise any of the above rights please email info@tvwise.co.uk
Changes To This Policy
TVWise may make amendments to this privacy policy based on changing legislation and best practices. For that reason, if you are at all concerned about your privacy we urge you to check this page regularly for any updates.
