The following text is extracted and transformed from the gauhati.ac.in privacy policy that was archived on 2014-09-03. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Gauhati University | Credits and Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
We value the trust you place in gauhati.ac.in. Please read this Privacy Policy, which tells you what information we collect from users of the gauhati.ac.in , how we use that information, and with whom we may share it. Unless defined in this Privacy Policy Conduct, terms capitalized but not defined herein are defined in the Terms & Conditions. In this Privacy Policy gauhati.ac.in is referred to as " we ," " us ," or " our " and you the end user are referred to as " you ", " your " or “ user ”.
How Personal Information Is Collected and Updated
We may collect information that personally identifies you when you register, when you participate in reviews and other features or when you otherwise communicate with us.
Types of Personal Information Collected
We may collect the following types of information at the gauhati.ac.in :
1.      When you register at any of the gauhati.ac.in , we may request the following personal information:
Your name, email address, contact nos.
2.      When you search anything on the website, your keywords will be collected in a protected location for improving our search results.
How Information Is Used and Shared
Processing Payments:
For credit card purchasers, we redirect to the relevant financial institution for online transaction and billing information.
Legal Requirements:
gauhati.ac.in reserves the right to disclose your personal information as necessary to:
Comply with the law or comply with legal process served on gauhati.ac.in.
Protect and defend the rights or property of gauhati.ac.in.
Protect the personal safety of other gauhati.ac.in users or the public
To ensure compliance with our Terms & Conditions. gauhati.ac.in co-operates with law enforcement and other third parties to enforce laws, intellectual property, and other rights, and we reserve the right to report any information related to suspicion of illegal activity to law enforcement for prosecution.
Third Parties
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties. gauhati.ac.in may, however, use for its own purposes, aggregate information that does not identify you personally, or share aggregate information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Business Transfers
Information about gauhati.ac.in users, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets of gauhati.ac.in.
Non-personal User Information
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Internet. When you request pages from gauhati.ac.in , our servers log your computer's IP address. gauhati.ac.in collects these IP addresses for the sole purpose of identifying our users' service providers (whether yahoo, hotmail, Gmail etc.) so we can better develop our offerings at the gauhati.ac.in. We do not automatically link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, however we can and will use IP addresses to identify users when we feel it is necessary to:
Comply with the law or comply with legal process served on gauhati.ac.in
Protect and defend the rights or property of gauhati.ac.in
Protect the personal safety of other gauhati.ac.in users or the public
To ensure compliance with our Terms & Conditions.
Cookies
A cookie is a small packet of information that we place on your computer's hard drive whenever you visit the gauhati.ac.in. For each user, our web server automatically recognizes the following:
The host origin of the request (e.g., your IP address)
The referrer (e.g., where you came from if you arrived at our site via a link)
The requested document (e.g., the page being viewed)
your browser type (e.g., Internet Explorer 6.0)
platform information (e.g., Windows 2000, Windows XP, MAC OS 10)
session data (e.g., whether login was successful)
Gauhati.ac.in uses cookies for a variety of reasons, including without limitation the following:
For session variables, to facilitate your navigation of content on the gauhati.ac.in.
To determine if cookies are enabled in your browser so that we may ensure that our gauhati.ac.in run on your computer.
To authenticate your access to content on the gauhati.ac.in.
We do not store in cookies any passwords or credit card information, any information that personally identifies you.
Steps You Can Take to Protect Your Privacy
What You Disclose:
Please take appropriate precautions not to reveal your personal information while interacting with other users on gauhati.ac.in. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online - for example, via gauhati.ac.in review feature - that information can be viewed and used by people that you do not know, including but not limited to other users who access at the gauhati.ac.in.
Passwords:
Your access to your account is password-protected and only you are authorized to access it and view the information relevant to the account. You agree not to share your passwords with anyone. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords. You agree to sign off from the gauhati.ac.in and close your Internet browser window when you have finished accessing and using any website.
No Guarantee of Security. No data transmission over the Internet is guaranteed to be secure. Gauhati.ac.in does not ensure or warrant the security of any personal or other information you transmit to us including without limitation via the gauhati.ac.in.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy; please contact our support at  payments @gauhati.ac.in
