The following text is extracted and transformed from the lsi.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-15. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Effective May 2018
Your consent
When you submit your personal data to www.lsi.edu  Language Studies International Ltd. processes this personal data for specific purposes.  For enquiries, how we process this data, with whom we share it and your rights regarding this data are outlined below in this Privacy Policy.  If you are making a booking, we will process your data slightly differently throughout your course.  How we do that, with whom we will share that data and your rights concerning your data if you book a course are explained here.
Information about you
When you request a brochure through our website, we collect certain information about you such as: name, address, email, sex, phone number and date of birth. We never share personal information about you with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your booking. The personal information you provide when sending an enquiry is only used to complete that enquiry. We do not use such information to send updates, new brochures or other marketing communications to you, unless you have explicitly indicated in the original request form that you would like us to. When answering emails, we will use your return email address. We will not use your email address for any other purpose and we will not share it with outside parties.
Children's privacy
For the protection of children's privacy, we require parental consent from users under the age of 18 who wish to book a course with us.
Use of cookies
www.lsi.edu uses cookies. Cookies are messages that websites transfer to your computer, which stores them as text files. They tell us how and when pages on our site are visited and by how many people. Cookies do not collect personal information by which people can be identified, although they do identify a user's computer. We do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information in order to detect your identity, screen name or email address. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to stop this. If you do so, your experience of our website may be affected.
Accuracy
LSI will at your request or on our own initiative update, correct or delete any incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal data on you.
Data security
Personal information collected by www.lsi.edu is stored in secure environments that are not accessible by the public.
Areas not covered by this Privacy Policy
Personal information that you provide during email exchanges or any kind of chat session are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We will protect your privacy to the best of our ability but please keep in mind that you control the information you disclose when using email or any kind of chat software. You should always be careful when distributing your personal information in this manner. Please be aware that this policy applies to www.lsi.edu and other LSI websites, www.lsi-paris.fr, www.lsizh.ch and www.lsi.de. This policy does not apply to other companies' or organizations' web sites to which we may link.
Amendments
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it to other companies.
Your opinion
www.lsi.edu welcomes your questions and comments about our privacy policy via our email address info@lsi.edu
