The following text is extracted and transformed from the umaianime.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-22. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Sponsors
Affiliates
DDL Animes
Make Money Online
FTP ANIME
Free Anime Downloads
Zenmanga - Read Manga Online
Anime Comments
Watch Yugioh
Revolution Anime
Otaku Legends
Contact US
Top Search Tags
hentai, english dub, kyou kara maou, one piece dubbed, street fighter, Detective Conan, Princess Mononoke, devil may cry 2, its a family affair, pokemon, inuyasha, code geass, naruto, Bleach, vampire knight, Please! Teacher, Yu Yu Hakusho, Death Note, hell girl, Witchblade, blue dragon, g gundam, guyver, peach girl, Sailor moon, megaman nt warrior, avatar, saiunkoku monogatari, dragonball z, gubdam wing, MORE SEARCHES
Recent Searchs
mama wa shougaku, mama wa, one piece-404, daiku, daiking 1, saber marionet, naruto eng subbed, inazuma eleven, dective conan, sweeper, 252, Harvest Moon, yugioh episode 182, Kodomo no Kodomo, hentai group, no monkey, shura no taki, shyoushitu, yamanote, gakusen, kotetsu, shufle, la corda DRO, hetalia axix, cawboy bebop, soul eater dub, full mea;, knichi, futaro ecchi, pokemon 650,
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you accept the practices described here.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example, to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
Our site may use cookies and tracking technology which are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Third parties such as our advertisers may also use cookies to collect information in the course of serving ads to you. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Distribution of Information
We do not share your personally identifiable information to any third party for marketing purposes. However, we may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized staff of this site (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: admin [at] umaianime [dot] com
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
