The following text is extracted and transformed from the aveprize.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-21. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
AvePrize | Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy - Aveprize.com
Service Privacy Policy AvePrize
General Information
1. The Operator of the Service www.Aveprize.com is Grzegorz Sokołowski Entrepreneur. [limited liability company] incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the Republic of Poland, with its registered office in Warsaw at Świeradowska Street No. 47, 02-662 Warsaw, REGON 321347100, NIP 8512995616.
2. Personal data will be collected only for lawful and relevant purposes and all practicable steps will be taken to ensure that personal information continues to receive appropriate protections, in particular that the Privacy Policy complies with applicable provisions of law. The User may have the access to his or her personal data and may alter or amend it at any time. The User might also demand the removal of his or her personal data at any time, with the exclusion of the data necessary to provide the services of the Website Operator.
3. The Website gathers information about Users and their behaviour in the following ways:
Through information entered in forms voluntarily
Through cookie files saved in end-devices (so-called "cookies")
Through collecting web server logs by web the hosting provider – [registration data], operating at the given address – www. Aveprize.com
Information in forms
1. The data is collected only if the User expresses his consent or if applicable provisions of law allow to do so.
2. The Website can also save information about connection settings (time, IP address)
3. The data in the forms is not shared with third parties unless agreed upon with the User.
4. The data provided in the form may be a set of potential customers, registered by the Website Operator in the register kept by the Inspector General for Personal Data Protection.
5. The data contained in the form is processed to meet the aim of a specific form, for example, to process a service request or contact sales clients.
6. The data provided in the form can be forwarded to subjects that implement certain technical services - this concerns the provision of information about the owner of a registered domain to subjects that are operators of Internet domains, services that support payments or other subjects with which the Website Operator cooperates in this field.
Information about cookie files
1. The Website uses cookies.
2. Cookie files (so-called "cookies") are computer data, mainly text files, that is stored in end-devices of the User and is intended for use with the pages of the Web Service. Typically, cookies contain the name of a website from which they come, their storage time on end-devices and a unique number.
3. The Website Operator places cookies in the Users' end-devices and has direct access to them.
4. Cookies are used for the following purposes:
creating statistics that help to understand how Users use web pages, which may lead to improvement of the structure and its content;
maintaining Users' session (after logging in) due to which each User does not have to retype the name and password after browsing the pages;
determining User profile in order to display advertising materials that are matched to this profile, in particular Google Network.
5. The Website uses mainly two basic types of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are temporary files that are stored in the end-device of the User until logging-out, leaving the website or turning off the software (web browser). Persistent cookies are stored in the end-device of the User for a specified time that is determined in cookie parameters or until the User deletes them.
6. Software for browsing websites (a browser) usually allows storing cookies on Users' end-devices by default. The Users can change these settings. The web browser allows deleting cookies. It is also possible to block cookies automatically. Details of how to do so can be found in the help section or the browser documentation.
7. Restrictions on the use of cookies may influence some of the functions available on the Website pages.
8. Advertisers and partners cooperating with the Website Operator can also use cookies placed on Users’ end-devices.
9. We recommend that you read the privacy protection policies of these companies to be aware  how cookie files are used in statistics: Google Analytics Privacy Policy
10. Ad networks may use cookies, especially Google, to display ads that are matched to the specific use of the Website. They may keep the information about the User's navigation paths and time spent on a given page.
11. In terms of information on User preferences gathered by the Google ad network, each User can view and edit the information in the cookies with the use of the following tool: https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Server logs
1. Information about some User behaviour is subject to logging-in into the server layer. This data is used only to administer the Website and provide the most efficient use of hosting services.
2. Browsed resources are identified by URL addresses. Moreover, the following may also be saved:
request time,
reply sending time,
name of the client's station - the identification is carried out by the HTTP protocol,
information about errors that occurred during implementation of the HTTP transaction,
URL address of the previously visited page (referrer link) - if the Website was entered through a reference link,
information about the User's browser,
IP address.
3. The aforementioned data is not associated with individual persons viewing the pages.
4. The data is used only for server administration purposes.
Providing data
1. The data can be made available to third parties only within legally allowed limits.
2. The data that enables identifying a given User is made available only upon the User's consent.
3. The Website Operator may be required to provide the information gathered by the Website to authorised bodies based on legitimate demands arising from the demand.
Managing cookie files - how to give and withdraw consent in practice?
1. If the User does not wish to receive cookie files, he may change the browser settings. However, it is worth noting that disabling cookies that are necessary for the processes of authentication, security, maintenance, and the User preferences can hinder, and in some cases, prevent the User from viewing web pages.
2. The User is also able to manage the settings of storing and gaining access to the provided data. To manage the cookie settings, choose the web browser/system from the list below and follow the instructions:
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Safari
Firefox
Opera
Android
Safari (iOS)
Windows Phone
Blackberry
