The following text is extracted and transformed from the iviweather.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
World Forecasts & Weather - Weather Forecasts
About US
This page describes our privacy practices with respect to IvI Weather Weather.
Information Collection and Use Practices
IvI Weather. Weather uses your location, in accordance with our Location Privacy practices, to serve local weather information, photos and other information to you.
Mobile phone identifiers, model information, and operating systems may be collected for purposes of internal analytics, or to provide the service with the best possible experience.
If you are a registered user and logged in, locations that you have “Saved” within IvI Weather Weather will be associated with your IvI Weather account.
If you are a registered user and logged in, IvI Weather may use some of your “Favorite Locations” from the Location Settings page to personalize your IvI Weather Weather experience.
IvI Weather Weather may offer you the opportunity to log in using Facebook. IvI Weather uses this sign-in information to identify the user and may associate that information to an existing IvI Weather profile to allow a single-sign on experience. Once signed in, IvI Weather may configure your weather cities based on the location of your social graph. IvI Weather may store your Facebook information on our servers.
Practices Regarding Your Ability to Update and Delete Information
You can access and manage your locations through the “Edit” link in the web-based version or the “Edit Locations” link in the mobile app version of IvI Weather Weather.
You can also visit the Location Settings page to view, add, and delete your location information.
For some versions of IvI Weather Weather, you may share a screenshot of the weather using Mail, Messages, Facebook or Twitter. The screenshot is retained in your device photo library.
Other
For additional information on how how Forecasts Weather treats your personal information, please visit our Privacy Policy and IvI Weather Terms of Service.
