The following text is extracted and transformed from the blogaid.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
BlogAid Privacy Policy and Terms of Use | BlogAid
BlogAid https://blogaid.net takes privacy and security of collected data very seriously.
This policy is to inform you of the type of personal information the site collects and how it is processed and used, per US/EU Privacy Guidelines.
About BlogAid
BlogAid is an informational site that empowers DIY site owners and webmasters via education and support.
The primary focus of news and information presented is for U.S. based site owners, designers, and developers.
Help Me Help You!
I work super hard to research, vet, and make available a wide variety of info that is free for you to access and contributes directly to your site success.
The BlogAid site collects anonymous data about site visitors to help me know what info you find most valuable so I can create more of it.
Consumption of content on this site means that you agree to the Terms of Use set forth here.
In other words, I freely give you the info, and you allow me to know that someone, somewhere read it. I can’t trace it back to you. It’s anonymous.
See below for the type of info I collect and how it is used, as well as what you can do if you have a concern.
Anonymous Information Collected
An IP address is an anonymous bit of data dropped by all site visitors (both human and bots). It is tracked by the following entities for better security, content creation, and marketing purposes.
Your browser may also send response headers with generic/anonymized information about the type of browser, computer/device, and ISP you are using, and your location by country only.
The privacy policy of each entity that collects this information is linked below, if you would like more info about them.
Google Analytics – so I can discover the type of content you find most helpful and create more of it. (Note: Google does not have access to this data.)
Facebook Pixel Tracking – so I can retarget ads to like-minded site owners on that social platform. (Not your email, just anonymous IPs)
A2 Hosting – kept in the server logs so the host can identify and stop bad bot attacks.
Cloudflare – so the CDN can identify and stop bad bot attacks.
YouTube – if you view a YouTube embedded video on the site, the IP info is sent to YouTube to record that the video has been viewed, just as it would if you had watched it directly on YouTube.
Email Collection
My list service provider is MailChimp.
If you elect to subscribe, your email address will be stored on their servers. You can access your info any time by clicking the Manage Subscription link at the bottom of any email you receive from me.
I never have, and never will share your email address with any person or entity for marketing purposes. That includes Facebook. I will never upload my email list to that platform or any other.
ScheduleOnce is used to integrate the site’s business calendar with Zoom for webinars and client meetings. Client email addresses are retained by both services to facilitate meeting info notification, reminders, and rescheduling.
Comments
Leaving a comment on one of my posts requires that you identify yourself by email address.
That info is stored in the site’s database.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if the email address you used is connected to that provider so your happy face displays next to your comment.
Transactional and On-Going Service Data
I do not collect any payments through the BlogAid site.
However, if you purchase one of my site services, the following data is shared:
PayPal – used for direct invoicing via your email.
GSuites – runs my entire back office, including email, CRM, and all project data. Site Info docs are deleted after the project is complete. Emails are retained. (Note: Google does not have access to this data.)
Vendors – I normally do all of your site work myself, and do not outsource anything without your knowledge. But, if I am sharing your project with another webmaster or designer you have approved, then your project info will have been shared with them, but only with your explicit permission.
Data backups are provided by Amazon Web Services and Carbonite
Contact Forms – none of the contact form fields are held in the site’s database, including your email address. But your email address is retained in GSuites so I can reply to you (see above).
Third Party Links
BlogAid frequently links to helpful info and resources provided by other bloggers and vendors.
Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you on their site. I do not control these third-party websites and am not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave BlogAid, I encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Disable Tracking
You can disable cookies through your own browser settings. Check with the browser vendor for more info on how to do that, if you wish.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
BlogAid makes no representation, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency, or completeness of any privacy polices of 3rd party entities that information is shared with.
Concerns
You’re welcome to contact me directly with any concerns you may have about your info that is collected through the site.
