The following text is extracted and transformed from the blogsvine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Blogsvine / Privacy Policy
Blogsvine is Revenue Sharing Blogs/Blog Posts Rating Website.  Submit your blogs/blog posts today and let the world know about it! And DON'T forget to use our Easy Link Submission Tool (more info located at your  Profile Page). Start Climbing! IMPORTANT TOOLS :  Blogsvine Plugin for Wordpress,  Sociable Plugin for Wordpress,  Bookmarkify Plugin for Wordpress. Find more  Here.
Blogsvine: Privacy Policy
Blogsvine is basically a website/online platform for sharing information by enabling members to submit latest blog articles so that other members and visitors can rate them and leave comments, whatsover they feel appropriate. The comments are not moderated and Blogsvine Team or the owner of the website is not responsible for any offensive comments being published by users/members.
The following lines explains how Blogsvine use the information collected from our members. We understand that our member care about their personal information submitted to us and we will always maintain a complete privacy of all personal information submitted on the website.
Information Collected by Blogsvine
Blogsvine collects information from its members. These information are only for authentication purposes and Blogsvine Administration will never sell your personal information to any Third Party. We respect your Privacy and we understand the importance of keeping it safe with us.
Blogsvine software also automatically collects information in the form of IP addresses, web browser information, etc. which the members may not be aware of. Blogsvine may use any of these information for refering the user, or any user activity, if we feel the need of it.
You may receive Website Update emails from the Blogsvine Administration Team occasionally. But we will not send out mass spam emails to our members to promote any non family-friendly products or services.
