The following text is extracted and transformed from the speedapps.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-01-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
SpeedApps Terms of Use
Home
Donations
About Us
Awards
Backup SafeKeeper
USB PC Lock Pro
Cyber Bandwidth
Monitor
Desktop Activity
Recorder
Prompt FTP Client
Remote Manager
Desktop Screenshot
Whiz
Firewall Tuneup
Files Crawler
Prompt Startup
Manager
RSS Balloon Reader
Memory Monitor
Network Digger
Gmail Notifier
Free Registry Cleaner
Desktop Switcher
File Guardian
MyTorrent
Downloader
Password Manager
Complete
Windows Total
Control
Swift Disk Defrag
WinIcon Customizer
Prompt Uninstaller
Bulk Email Sender
Prompt Drivers
Backup
Directories Sweeper
OnePass
System Tuneup
Process Manager
|
Privacy Policy of Speedapps
Speedapps is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit all pages on our site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations. This privacy statement only applies to Speedapps. Information Collection and Use The Speedapps is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways other than those outlined in this statement. The Speedapps collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site. Personal information which identifies a specific individual will not be disclosed to others without the user's permission unless necessary to provide services which the user has requested.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes the browser, the cookie simply terminates. If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users as they visit different sections of our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement, and gather broad information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregate information with our partners and advertisers. This aggregate information does not contain personally identifiable information and therefore cannot identify any specific individual. We use an outside credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We partner with other parties to provide specific services such as a secured site for financial transactions. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services, with the permission of the user. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that the Speedapps is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time to time our site requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. All of our users' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g., our customer service department) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers used to store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
