The following text is extracted and transformed from the eforu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-15. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy : Eforu.com
Eforu.com Privacy Policy
Eforu.com is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below is the information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information.
Consumer Information
When you send one of our electronic greeting cards, the information you provide to us is used to customize your greeting with the names of the sender and recipient and to deliver an email notification to the recipient. The names and email addresses you provide are NOT compiled into any type of mailing list and will not be used for any type of email solicitation. Eforu.com does not share the names and email addresses of users of its site with any other company.
We share aggregate information (not individual data) with our advertisers to help them better understand our services and to monitor the reach of their advertising on the service.
Data Collection and Opt Out
Eforu.com only stores the email addresses of the newsletter subscribers. If you want to Opt Out, you can visit the newsletter page at http://www.eforu.com/newsletter.html and unsubscribe at any time.
Eforu.com also links to a wide variety of other sites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
Third Party Advertising
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.
If you have any questions concerning the privacy policies of Eforu.com which are not covered in this statement, please send email with your questions to support@eforu.com with the words "Privacy Policy" in the subject field.
Back To Eforu.com Home
