The following text is extracted and transformed from the omgdroid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Android Headlines
What information do we collect?
Androidheadlines.com does not collect ANY personal private data and respect your data, only cookies for your web browser and do not share that cookie data or use it in any shape other then viewing our website.We use the latest HTTPS2 encryption to ensure your safe browsing of our property.
We use third-party advertising companies who serve ads to help keep content free. For these partners, we put additional restrictions on how your data can be used to prevent it from misuse. For instance, we do not allow these partners to take your information for profiling and personalizing ads on other sites.
Please review the following for a full list of partners and purposes and is GDPR compliant:
ZiffDavis Privacy Policy - ZD will not to not track, tag or cookie any visitor from the EU
PubGalaxy (Titan Gate AD)
Rubicon
Conversant / Commission Junction
IDG
Amazon
Google
Samsung
HTC
Motorola
Verizon
Sprint
T-Mobile
ATT
Mailchimp
Rakuten
Newegg
bhphotovideo
Viralsweep
Gearbest.com
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
androidheadlines.com
admin@androidheadlines.com
