The following text is extracted and transformed from the keralapsc.gov.in privacy policy that was archived on 2017-04-03. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Kerala Public Service Commission, Government of Kerala, India
Privacy Policy
As a general rule, this website does not collect Personal Information about you when you visit the site. You can generally visit the site without revealing Personal Information, unless you choose to provide such information.
i)  Cookies
A cookie is a piece of software code that an internet web site sends to your browser when you access information at that site. This portal uses only persession cookies'. These cookies do not collect personal information of users.
ii) E-mail Management
Your email address will only be recorded if you choose to send a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. Your email address will not be used for any other purpose, and will not be disclosed.
iii) Collection of Personal Information
If you are asked for any other Personal Information you will be informed how it will be used if you choose to give it. If at any time you believe the principles referred to in this privacy statement have not been followed, or have any other comments on these principles, please notify the webmaster through the contact page.
Note:  The use of the term "Personal Information" in this privacy statement refers to any information from which your identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained .
iv)  _ Payment Refund & Cancellation_ ****
The fees once paid will not be refunded for applications which are successfully submitted or for successful bill payment services. Cancellation  of applications / bill payments shall not be entertained. Any loss on this account shall not be borne either by Kerala Public Service Commission/  Government or by the Banks / Payment Gateways. However, automatic  refund will be made for transactions which are not successful.
