The following text is extracted and transformed from the infopublishingmasterplan.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy Overview | Citrix Online
Last Updated on 09/07/2012
Introduction
This Privacy Policy Overview provides a short summary of our complete Citrix Online Privacy Policy. This statement and the complete privacy policy statement apply to Citrix Online websites and products that link to this notice.
Citrix Online, a division of Citrix Systems, Inc., is committed to respecting your privacy.
Citrix Online is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program.
Citrix Online also complies with the EU and Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of data from the European Union and Switzerland.
Information We Collect
When you register for a Citrix Online product or free trial, we will need to collect personal information such as billing information.
We collect information you voluntarily supply to us on our websites, through surveys, or as feedback.
Information is collected during the use of some of our products as needed to provide the service.
We use common Internet technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to keep track of interactions with our sites and services.
To learn more about Citrix Online’s information collection practices, please read our complete Citrix Online Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information collected to provide you with the services you request.
We may use your information to inform you about other products or services, partners, opportunities and events offered by Citrix Online.
We may use your information to improve our products or websites.
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties.
Citrix Online uses industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of personally identifiable information, including encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer).
To learn more about Citrix Online’s use of your information, please read our complete Citrix Online Privacy Policy.
How We Share Your Information
In order to conduct business it is necessary that we share some of your information with third parties, such as for credit card processing.
Third parties must process your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy.
We may need to disclose your information as required by law to protect our rights or comply with judicial proceedings.
To learn more about Citrix Online’s information sharing practices, please read our complete Citrix Online Privacy Policy.
Communication Choices
To change your email subscription status or opt out of Citrix Online’s collection, use and distribution of your information, visit our Unsubscribe page.
Every marketing email from Citrix contains instructions on how to opt out of receiving further marketing emails.
To learn more about the choices you have about the collection, use and distribution of your information from Citrix Online, please read our complete Citrix Online Privacy Policy.
