The following text is extracted and transformed from the stocksy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Terms of Service and Licensing Agreements – Stocksy United Legal – Legal
Drag and drop an image or upload a file.
We accept JPG, PNG, or BMP files under 20MB in size.
As most websites do, Stocksy collects some information from you as a co-op member or  user of the Stocksy United website. Because of this, we want to assure you that we have your best interest in mind, and we've outlined our dedication to protecting your privacy in the document below.  In essence, we will never sell your information to third parties, and we will take all necessary measures to ensure that your information is safe and secure.
Application
Collection of Information by Stocksy
Information That Will be Provided to Stocksy
Communications
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Retention of Information
Security of Information
Minors
Conditions of Use
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out the practices of Stocksy United (“Stocksy”) with respect to the collection, use, and storage of personal information related to the use of and services provided through Stocksy’s website (“Site”). Stocksy encourages visitors to and users of the site to regularly review the current Privacy Policy. The most current version of this policy and others can be found at http://www.stocksy.com/legal.
Application
This Privacy Policy applies to all users of and contributors to the Site and covers all interactions, including but not limited to use of the Services and customer/contributor relations inquiries as well as all Stocksy-related services that may be managed through other sites. If you do not agree with these terms, do not access or use the Site or make use of Stocksy’s Services.
Collection of Information by Stocksy
Stocksy will only collect or receive Personal Information that is relevant to the legitimate purposes of the Site and to enable Stocksy to provide the Services and do business with you.
Information That Will be Provided to Stocksy   **   **
a.  Generally:
Stocksy receives and stores any information users and contributors enter on the Site or provide to Stocksy in any other way, such as email, telephone, or mail.
While you may choose not to provide Stocksy with certain information, this may limit your ability to purchase content and use some features available from Stocksy or to experience the most optimized performance from the Site.
b.  Registration and Usage Information:
To use some services of Stocksy you will need to register as a user and fill out a form with some personal information, including name and email address.
To purchase content licenses from Stocksy, you will need to add additional information, including contact and payment information.
Contributors may be asked or are able to provide additional information for their contributor portfolio and profile, such as a biography, social media links, or photos of themselves. This is entirely within the control of the contributor.
Usage Information includes the information created from your use of the Services and Site including metadata generated from and location information regarding your use of the Site and log data recording when you have used the Site.
c.  Consent by registration:
By registering to create an account or register to purchase, you consent to the use of your personal information as indicated in this Privacy Policy.
You may correct, amend, update, or delete your personal information and change other privacy preferences at any time by signing into your account.
If at any time you decide to retract your consent to this Privacy Policy, you will no longer be able to make use of Stocksy’s services until you reissue your consent.
d.  Billing and Payout Information:
In completing transactions for products and services with Stocksy or being paid royalties by Stocksy, the following Personal Information could be collected from you:
billing information such as the number, expiration date, card type and billing address of your credit card;
demographic information such as a company name or type, job title and job description; and
Contributor payment information for royalty payouts.
When Stocksy collects credit card information, that information will be collected by way of an encrypted secure socket layer technology (SSL) pass-through.
Stocksy does not and will not store any member’s credit card information on its systems.
e.  Model Information:
Through the course of releasing identifiable models so images can be licensed for commercial use, Stocksy obtains basic information about each model, including birth date, name, contact information, and ethnicity.
Stocksy will retain model information indefinitely for business and legal purposes related to the issuance of licenses but never shares contact information without explicit permission from the model.
f.  Information Collected Automatically:
Stocksy will receive and store some information whenever you interact with Stocksy through the Site.
Stocksy automatically receives and records certain "traffic data" on their server logs from your browser including your IP address, Stocksy-related cookie information, and the page you requested. This traffic data is used by Stocksy to help diagnose problems with its servers, analyze trends, and administer the Site; and
There are programs offered by certain companies that help you to visit websites anonymously. By using such programs, however, you may impact Stocksy’s ability to provide you with a personalized experience.
Communications
Email Communication from Stocksy: Stocksy may use your email address to notify you about:
Stocksy-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions, and/or
Actions that have been performed on the Site including interactions with Customer Service, and/or
Notices about your account or licensed content
Opt Out: You may opt out of receiving information by:
Logging into your account and disabling certain communication options, or
Clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Stocksy.
You may not opt out of all communications. Where the communication is required to maintain your account or conduct other legitimate business purposes, you may not opt out.
c.  Sharing of your Email Address:  Stocksy will not provide your email address to a third party except as described in Section 7 below (Sharing of Information)
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Cookies and similar technologies are alphanumeric identifiers that the Site transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable Stocksy’s systems to recognize your browser and tell Stocksy how and when pages in the Site are visited and by how many people. Stocksy cookies do not collect personal information, and Stocksy does not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell Stocksy who you are or what your screen name or email address is.  Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or allow you to fully disable cookies. Stocksy recommends that you leave the cookies activated as rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use the Site.
Use of Information
Stocksy uses information in furtherance of its legitimate interests in operating the Site and providing the Services.
Stocksy also uses information to assist in personalizing the user experience and improving the Site and Services.
Information may be used to:
Provide, update, maintain, and protect the Site and Services
Communicate with users and contributors
Develop tools and features through the use of other information to assess trends in use, search functionality, and other features of the Site and Services
For financial reasons, including invoicing, setting up account payment terms, maintaining accounts, and related activities
For legal reasons, including maintaining records of license purchases, model, and property releases.
Once information has been anonymized or de-identified so that you are no longer personally identifiable, Stocksy may use the information for any business purpose
Sharing of Information
Stocksy will not rent or sell your Personal Information to anyone and Stocksy will share your Personal Information only as described below:
Personnel of Stocksy: The personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors of Stocksy may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of Stocksy’s business.
Payment Processing: One or more outside credit card processing companies will be used by Stocksy to bill you for the goods and services offered by Stocksy. We make every effort to ensure any company with which we may share Personal Information protects that data in a manner similar to this Privacy Policy and to limit the use of such Personal Information to the performance of the services being provided to Stocksy.
Protection of Stocksy and Others: Stocksy may release personal information when it believes in good faith that such release is necessary to:
comply with any law, order, rule, or regulation;
enforce the Terms of Use, Content License Agreement, and other policies of Stocksy or;
protect the rights (including intellectual property rights), property, or safety of Stocksy, its members, employees, contractors, or others.
As an example, Stocksy may exchange information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction or where ordered to by a court
Other Service Providers:  Stocksy utilizes a number of third-party tools and systems in order to provide the Services to users and contributors. These third parties include but are not limited to credit card payment processors, customer management systems, project management systems, image hosts, marketing integrations, and tools for contributors to manage their sales information. Stocksy carefully vets third party services to ensure proper handling of any shared data.
Contributor Information: Contributor Information collected during registration and visits to the Site, such as your full name and location, may be displayed to other Stocksy users in your member profile. Contributors control what Personal Information is included and displayed publicly to other users through the member profile area.
With Your Consent:  Except as noted above,  if your Personal Information is to be shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, Stocksy will notify you in advance and allow for opting out where feasible.
Retention of Information
Stocksy will retain account information for legitimate business and legal purposes including all records related to content licensed by users.
Stocksy may retain some information for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Policy, including after deactivation of an account.
When possible, Stocksy will restrict the retention of information to the shortest possible time period.
Stocksy may pseudonymize some information for ongoing retention without identifying features.
Security of Information
Passwords:
Your Stocksy user or contributor account information is protected by a password for your privacy and security.
You should protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer by using a strong alpha-numeric password and by logging off once you have finished using a shared computer.
Stocksy utilizes one-way cryptographic salt and pepper hashing to secure all of its user and contributor passwords, making their contents irrecoverable, even to Stocksy employees.
Access by Stocksy Employees:
Only personnel of Stocksy who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative, legal team member, or accountant) are granted access to your member account information.
All of Stocksy’s employees will be kept up to date on our privacy and security practices
Encryption of Sensitive Data:
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) through our Site, Stocksy encrypts that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Collection of credit card information from Stocksy’s users and members is collected by way of an encrypted secure socket layer technology (SSL) pass-through, and
Stocksy will not store any member’s credit card information on its systems.
Disclaimer:  Although Stocksy will use commercially acceptable methods to protect all Personal Information submitted to it, you should be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure.  Stocksy cannot guarantee the absolute security of such Personal Information.
Minors
You must be 18 years or older to register to use the Site, and Stocksy has no intention of soliciting or collecting Personal Information from anyone under that age. If Stocksy learns that it has collected information from a minor under the age of 18, Stocksy will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you are under the age of 18, do not enter any information on our Site. If you are under 18 but interested in becoming a contributor, please contact legal@stocksy.com to inquire in addition to filling out any application.
Conditions of Use
If you decide to visit the Site, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of British Columbia law.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Stocksy may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion and in order to comply with then-current law. If Stocksy makes changes to the Privacy Policy, Stocksy will notify you by posting an announcement on the Site or sending an email so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, any material changes to this Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted.  Use of information collect by Stocksy will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used, regardless of when the information was collected.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 22, 2018.
Stocksy takes the privacy of its users and contributors seriously.  If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy you are encouraged to contact us at support@stocksy.com.
