The following text is extracted and transformed from the swing4ireland.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-29. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy
Webmasters
How we use cookies
Swing4Ireland (the "Site") is owned by Symbios Solutions Limited.
Our postal address is:
8 Barnes Wallis Road Segensworth East
Fareham
Hampshire
P015 5TU
We can be reached here or at Swing4Ireland.
This is an adult site. Privacy is important to you and to us.
CAREFULLY READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT.
This site expressly and strictly limits its membership to adults. All persons under the age of 18 are strictly prohibited from accessing or viewing the contents of this site.
We do not knowingly seek or collect any personal information or data from persons under the age of 18. Where we seek payment from you we will request secondary id which will assist us in establishing that you are over 18.
What Information About Subscribers is Collected?
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide to us via the Site which includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of your visits to our Site (including, but not limited to traffic data, location data, chatroom postings and other communication data), whether this is information required for our own billing purposes, provided by our Moderators and Chatroom Ops or otherwise.
The Site uses cookies. It is perfectly normal. You may obtain further information about "cookies" and how they function at Cookie Central.
What do we do with the information?
To ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
Disclosure of your information
We may/would only have the discretion to disclose your personal information to third parties;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of Symbios Solutions Limited, our subscribers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations including the police and governmental authorities for the purposes of fraud protection or any other kind of illegal activity whether or not identified in the acceptable use policy.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or asset.
If Symbios Solutions Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its subscribers will be one of the transferred assets.
Where we store your personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen a password) which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site. Any transmission is at your own risk.
Your email address
Your email address is only used for site related information, such as notifications of new private messages and account related notifications, newsletters and special offers. We do not share your email address with any other companies and it will remain completely private throughout your membership with us. If you wish to remove yourself from our email lists then you can simply click the unsubscribe link from one of our emails or send an email (from the address you have registered with us) to remove me.
Data Controller
The Data Controller for all personal information collected about subscribers of the Site is: N.Griffin, and can be reached by e-mail here. The Data Controller has the authority to resolve all issues regarding the collection, modification, correction, deletion and use of the personal information that has been collected by the Site.
Your Rights
You have the right to access information held about you where this is data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility for these.
Any changes that we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
