The following text is extracted and transformed from the wp-puzzle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-17. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy policy while using WP Puzzle shop
7 February, 2016
Privacy policy, described below, applies to all information which site wp-puzzle.com ( “Site” ) may get about user during Site use.
The main provisions of our privacy policy can be formulated as follows:
We do not share your personal information with third parties.
We do not share your contact information without your consent.
You assign volume of disclosed personal information by yourselves.
Date collected
We collect  following information:
Personal information which User provide us by completing forms on our Site.
Technical information automatically collected by the Site software during its visit.
Use of information
Information, you provide by completing forms on our Site , may be used by us for:
User identification registered on Site ;
access to personalized Site recourses;
establishment of User feedback, including notifications, inquiries regarding use of Site or Site products, processing of requests and applications from User ;
notifications of Site User about order status;
handling and receiving payments.
All contact information, you provide to us, is disclosed only with your permission. Email addresses are never published on Site and used by us only to contact you.
Providing information to third parties
We never provide your personal information to third parties unless it can be required by legislation (for example, at the request of court).
Use of cookies
User identification technology is used on Site , based on the use of cookies. Cookies – are small text files that are stored on your computer by web browser.
While using Site on computer by the User , which is used for access by him, cookies can be recorded which later are used for automatic User authorization on the Site and for collection of statistic data about the Site traffic in particular. We never store your personal data or passwords in cookies. If you are of opinion that for one reason or another use of cookies technology is unacceptable to you, you have a right to prohibit storing cookies on computer, used for access to Site , by setting browser appropriately. However, you should bear in mind that all Internet services, used this technology, will be unavailable.
Links to other sites
On this site you may be offered links to other sites. We do not accept any responsibility for liability in respect of your privacy on these websites. We strongly recommend that you read the privacy policy of each website that you access. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the Site wp-puzzle.com .
Date security
Site Administration protects the information provided by users, and uses it only in accordance with the Privacy Policy. We take all necessary and sufficient organizational and technical measures and precautions to protect the confidentiality of personal data.
Final provisions
None of statements contained here do not mean formation of contract or agreement between the Site Owner and the User , providing personal information. The Privacy policy will only inform you about Site approaches to work with personal data. We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time without notice.
Contact
If you have any question, please contact us.
