The following text is extracted and transformed from the edealinfo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-28. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
eDealinfo.com Inc. Privacy Policy
eDealinfo.com Inc. (eDealinfo or we) is committed to the security and privacy of our visitors. We have created this Privacy Policy in order to share with you our information collection and use practices.
What information we collect
We do NOT collect any personal information. Certain non-personal information may be collected automatically as part of your use of this site. Our web server automatically recognizes visitors' certain non-personal information, including but not limited to, the IP address, the browser type & version, referring domain, date/time when someone visited the site, etc.
Attention kids
No information should be submitted to eDealinfo by children under 18 years of age without their parent's or guardian's consent. eDealinfo does not monitor the age of its user audience.
How we use the information collected
The above mentioned non-personal information is used to aid us in fixing problems so that we can improve the overall appearance and functionality of our site in order to serve you better.
Information sharing with third parties
Only demographic and aggregate information may be shared by us with our business partners. This information does not contain any personal identifiers.
eDealinfo makes every reasonable effort to preserve user privacy. However we reserve the right to disclose the information that we collected when required or permitted by law and we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with an appropriate law enforcement investigation, current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us.
Cookies
Non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of eDealinfo.com through the use of "cookies". Cookies are small text files that our site places on your computer's hard drive to recognize and facilitate the user's use of the site. Most browsers allow a user to deny cookies; however, users should note that cookies may be required to provide certain web site features.
Our site also provides links to other third party websites. The third party website may set cookies and it is governed by their privacy policy. You will be redirected to the third party website only when you click on one or more links on our site that link to the third party website. You will never be redirected to the third party website automatically.
Business relationships
This site contains links to other Web sites. We use third-party ad servers in order to bring you various offers. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and click stream information. eDealinfo is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Privacy policy changes
eDealinfo reserves the right to modify, add and/or delete any portion of this Privacy Policy at any time. Those changes would be published on this page and would become effective immediately.
Questions?
eDealinfo welcomes comments and questions on this policy. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to eDealinfo staff.
Effective date
This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 18, 2012.
