The following text is extracted and transformed from the ejpix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Ejpix Privacy Policy
Remove Your Photos
We here at ejPix know that thousands of users are passionate about their Instagram photos and want to show them to the world. However, we also know that sometimes you just don't want photos shared. Your privacy is something we take seriously. We use a Public feed to pull our photos on the site. Meaning that, if the photos display on ejPix.com, they are also being displayed on other Internet sites.
We have the ability to filter out your photos here but please keep in mind, we can't control other websites. To remove your photo, simply send us the USER ID of the person who took the photo. This is always a number and can be found by clicking on the user icon underneath each photo.
An example of this is "10206720" which can be seen in the url of
Barack Obama′s User Profile
.
http://www.ejpix.com/photos/instagram-user-photos.php?user=10206720 « this is the number we need.
Please click here to send us the USER ID you want removed.
Helpful Links
Controlling Your Visibility on Instagram
Tips for Parents
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our Privacy Policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date. We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
