The following text is extracted and transformed from the sketch.io privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-17. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Sketch.IO - The Maker of Sketchpad
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, and disclose personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and make use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Sketchpad and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We’re committed to privacy and that’s why our Privacy Policy already adhered to the the high standard of the new European data protection law known as GDPR, and why we’re ensuring we maintain those rights and extend them to all our users, inside and outside the EU.
Where is my data stored?
Documents stored on your computer
By default, all your documents created with Sketchpad are stored on your local computer. None of your documents are uploaded to Sketchpad’s servers unless you explicitly share them.
Documents stored in Google Drive
When you turn on Google Drive for file storage, you’re trusting Google to protect your data. You can read more about Google’s robust privacy policies here.
Shared documents uploaded to Sketchpad
When you share a document on Sketchpad it is uploaded to the US-based AWS data center. You can read more about AWS security here.
All shared documents are uploaded to a unique URL. The URL can not be guessed and all filenames are obfuscated.
How do I delete documents shared to Sketchpad?
If you’ve shared a document to Sketchpad by mistake and wish to have it deleted, please contact our Customer Support team and provide the URL to the document you wish to have removed.
Is my data secure?
We have data encryption in transit and at rest, meaning all our data in our servers, underlying storage, backups, replicas, and snapshots are encrypted. When you share a document to Sketchpad the data is encrypted while in transit to the US-based AWS data center. You can read more about AWS security here.
What Third Party services do you use?
We use a number of third parties to store user data in order to provide/improve our services:
We send a monthly newsletter using MailChimp. This newsletter is only sent to customers who signed up specifically to receive the newsletter.
We use Google Analytics to track page views to improve usability of our marketing website and Sketchpad.
We use Sentry to track errors that occur within Sketchpad and the API. This also includes certain data that correlates with the error, but does not include sensitive customer information (passwords, tokens etc).
All payments are processed by FastSpring. We don’t currently store any payment information or customer data from these transactions.
Compliance
The provider that hosts Sketchpad maintains multiple certifications for its data centers, including ISO/IEC 27001:2013 compliance, PCI certification, and SOC reports. For more information about their certification and compliance, please visit the Digital Ocean Security website and the Digital Ocean Compliance website.
You can find out more about our policies in our Terms of Service. If you have any questions about security at Sketchpad, please contact our Customer Support team.
