The following text is extracted and transformed from the easytechguides.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-16. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy and cookie policy
On this privacy and cookie policy page I will explain to you about the personal information that this website collects, why I collect this information, and with whom this information is shared.
Information that this website collects
Like most websites, this website uses Google Analytics to track visitors and measure how users interact with this site.
The following information is collected:
How many people visit this website
How people find this website (e.g., via Google, Bing, Yahoo, etc.)
Which web pages are being visited
How long people stay on this site's web pages
Which countries visitors come from (e.g., United States, United Kingdom, The Netherlands, etc.)
The language of the visitors (e.g., English, Dutch, German, etc.)
Which devices visitors use (e.g., computer, tablet, smartphone, etc.)
Which web browsers visitors use (e.g., Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Opera, etc.)
Which operating systems visitors use (e.g., Windows, macOS, Linux, Android, etc.)
What people search for on this website by using this site's search function
Even though I have access to this information, none of this information personally identifies you to me.
Google Analytics also records your computer's IP address (which could be used to personally identify you), but Google does not give me access to this information.
But:
I enabled IP anonymization in Google Analytics, which means that your full IP address will never be stored.
The IP anonymization/masking takes place as soon as data is received by the Analytics Collection Network before any storage or processing takes place. More information about IP Anonymization.
Google Analytics uses cookies to track visitors and measure how users interact with this site.
More information about Google Analytics.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use their services.
Why I collect this information
I collect this information to analyze and improve the content of this website.
For example, If I notice that my website is mainly visited by people who use computers with the Microsoft Windows 10 operating system, then I know that I need to write more tips about Windows 10 in the future.
For example, if I find out that your visit to a page on my site is limited to less than 15 seconds, then I know that the information on the page is not what you were looking for, not relevant or just not good enough. In the future, I can improve that article or change the information.
Advertisements
Like many websites, this website uses advertisements from Google Adsense to earn money to keep this site running and to pay my bills.
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you.
For example, a website that sells laptops might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for laptops on a different website that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is turned off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful.
Google Adsense uses cookies to improve advertising. Some common uses of cookies for advertising are to target advertising based on what's relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance, and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen.
But:
These cookies contain no information that personally identifies you to Google.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use their services.
With whom is your information shared?
Your information is shared with Google.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use their services.
Web Hosting
This website is hosted on Netlify.
Netlify Privacy Policy
Netlify GDPR
HTTPS
This site uses an SSL certificate, so all traffic between this website and your web browser is encrypted and delivered over HTTPS (HTTP Secure).
Email
This site uses Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic.
If your email service does not support TLS, then you should know that any emails I send or receive may not be protected in transit.
I will never share or sell your email address to any third parties. I will also never send you spam.
Links
This website contains links to other websites.
Please be aware that I am not responsible for the content or privacy of other websites.
If you click on a link on this website and it brings you to another website, then read their privacy policy also.
How to control and delete cookies
You can control and delete cookies as you wish.
You can delete all cookies already stored on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent cookies from being placed.
However, if you do this, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a website and some services and functionalities may not work properly.
For more information about cookies and how to control and delete them, you can visit cookiesandyou.com.
Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy and cookie policy, you can email me at:
More information about privacy and cookies
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
How Google uses cookies
Types of cookies used by Google
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
Wikipedia.org: HTTP_cookie
Webopedia.com: What are Cookies and What Do Cookies Do?
Lifehacker.com: Fact and Fiction: The Truth About Browser Cookies
HTG Explains: What’s a Browser Cookie?
Cookies & You: What are cookies?
