The following text is extracted and transformed from the quickmba.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
QuickMBA Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Internet Center for Management and Business Administration, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit the QuickMBA.com web site. We provide this privacy statement to inform you what information we obtain and how it is used.
Information You Provide
Forms: We may store the information that you provide when submitting the "contact" form.
E-Mail Communications: We may maintain a record of your e-mail communications with us.
Information Collected Automatically
We log the time of your visit and the standard information provided for each page request, including IP address, user agent, operating system type, and referring site, if applicable.
Use of Information
The primary use of your e-mail information is to communicate with you about a message that you have directed to us. Server log information is collected for web site security purposes and maintaining site statistics.
We do not sell, rent, or share your information with any third parties.
If necessary, we may disclose personal information when required by law or by a legal process served on our site.
Third Party Advertising Companies
This website uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Updates to this Privacy Statement
Any changes to this privacy statement will be posted on this site.
Home  |  Site Map  |  About  |  Contact  |  Privacy  |  Reprints  |  User Agreement
The articles on this website are copyrighted material and may not be reproduced,
stored on a computer disk, republished on another website, or distributed in any
form without the prior express written permission of QuickMBA.com.
