The following text is extracted and transformed from the sunrisesystem.com.pl privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy : Sunrise System
Higher effectiveness standard
General Information
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter: Privacy Policy or Terms of Service) informs you of our policies regarding processing and protection of personal information we collect from users of sunrisesystem.pl website (hereinafter: Website) in connection with their use of recruitment form, Website quote form, newsletter subscription and commentaries on the blog.
Sunrise System sp. z o.o. sp. k. with head office in Poznań, address: Plac Andersa 3, 61-894 Poznań, National Court Register No KRS 0000489705, NIP: 783 1707183 is the controller of the personal data.
In the interest of security of the data we have developed internal procedures and guidelines, which are aimed at preventing unauthorized access to the data. We control their enforcement and continuously verify their compliance with corresponding legal acts - act on the protection of personal data, act on rendering electronic services, and all kinds of executive acts and acts of European Union law.
Personal Data are processed on the basis of User's consent and whenever the law allows the Administrator to process personal data on the basis of that law, or in order to fulfill a contract signed by two parties.
By activating newsletter subscription and sending a quote Users express their agreement to this Privacy Policy and to the collection, processing and management of the provided information by Sunrise System sp. z o.o. sp. k. for marketing purposes as defined in the Act of August 29, 1997 on the Protection of Personal Data (Journal of Laws No. 133, 1997).
Website fulfills the function of collecting information about users and their behavior in the following manner:
through information voluntary included in forms,
through collecting “cookie” files [see “cookies” policy].
Website gathers information voluntarily submitted by Users.
Data provided in the forms are processed in accordance with the function of each form, for example to complete the quotation process, to submit a candidate in the recruitment process, complete newsletter subscription.
Personal data submitted through the website will not be sold are made available to third parties as defined in the Act on the Protection of Personal Data.
Natural persons are eligible to review the data they have submitted. These persons are also eligible to modify and delete their data at any time.
We reserve the right to change the website Privacy Policy, which can be influenced by the development of online technology, potential changes in personal data protection law and development of our website. We will notify about all changes in a visible and understandable manner.
Website might include links to other websites. Such websites operate independently of the Website and are in no way overseen by the Website. These websites might have their own privacy policies and terms of services, which we recommend to read.
It is not permitted to use in a commentary:
content, which is illegal, incites racial, religious, ethnic prejudice or propagates violence;
pornographic content and content violating moral norms commonly accepted by society;
images for which Users do not own copyright or images violating accepted principles of morality.
By submitting an image to the Website Users confirm copyright ownership required for free distribution of the image on the Website.
Sunrise System sp. z o.o. sp. k. reserves the right to ask Users to add required information in the submitted commentaries and the right to remove a commentary or an image without warning and without giving a cause.
By submitting a form / a commentary Users confirm authenticity and accuracy of the data included in it. Sunrise System sp. z o.o. sp. k. does not control or verify Users identification data included in the commentary form.
Sunrise System sp. z o.o. sp. k. shall not be responsible for any damage connected with using the Website, specifically including responsibility for commentaries submitted to the Website, including reliability of the information in the commentaries.
Sunrise System sp. z o.o. sp. k. will make every effort to ensure normal operation of the Website and will provide assistance in solving issues connected with its operation. At the same time Sunrise System sp. z o.o. sp. k. reserves the right to conduct temporary maintenance breaks in the Website operation.
Sunrise System sp. z o.o. sp. k. reserves the right to shut down the Website without giving a cause of such action.
This Privacy Policy is effective on the date of its publication. Sunrise System sp. z o.o. sp. k. reserves the right to introduce changes to this Privacy Policy. All changes become effective on the date of their publication on this page.
We are at your disposal if you have any doubts concerning any of the entries of this Privacy Policy - our contact data can be found in the CONTACT tab.
