The following text is extracted and transformed from the sunysb.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Stony Brook University, New York | Privacy Policy
Commitment to Privacy
At the Stony Brook University, we are committed to protecting your privacy and making it easier and more efficient for individuals and businesses to interact with the University. We recognize that it is critical for individuals and businesses to be confident that their privacy is protected when they visit this Web site. You can travel through most of this Web site without giving us any information about yourself. Sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this commitment of privacy explains our online information practices.
Stony Brook University does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail, completing an Information Request Form, or completing the online application.
This policy is consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Law, and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit this Web Site
When you visit this Web site, the University may automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
The Internet Protocol address of the computer that accessed this Web site
The type of browser, its version, and the operating system on which that browser is running
The Web page from which the user accessed the current Web page
The date and time of the user's request
The pages that were visited and the amount of time spent at each page
None of the above-mentioned information is deemed to constitute personal information by the Internet Privacy and Security Act. The information that is collected automatically is used to improve the content of this Web site and to help Stony Brook University understand how users are interacting with its Web site. This information is collected for statistical analysis and to determine what information is of most and least interest to our users. The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and Stony Brook University is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from this Web site for commercial marketing purposes.
The Website may employ, either directly or through trusted third parties, tracking pixels. Tracking pixels are tiny, transparent graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to provide analytical information concerning the user experience as well as to support custom marketing activities for users of the Website. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, tracking pixels are embedded invisibly on web pages. The Website may use tracking pixels to help us better manage content, such as by improving the user interface or improving our marketing programs. We also may use non-personally identifiable information to create aggregate tracking information reports regarding user demographics, traffic patterns and purchases and may link tracking information with personal information provided by users.
Information Collected When You E-Mail the University or Complete a Transaction
During your visit to this Web site you may send an e-mail to the University. Your e-mail address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message. Your e-mail address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve this Web site, or to forward your message to the appropriate campus office for response. Your e-mail address is not collected for commercial purposes and Stony Brook University is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your e-mail address for commercial purposes.
During your visit to this Web site you may complete a transaction such as an online application or an Information Request Form. The information collected by the University, including personal information volunteered by you in completing the transaction, is used by Stony Brook University and may be disclosed to other parties for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in which the information was submitted.
Stony Brook University does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or create profiles of children under the age of 13. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an e-mail will be treated as though it were submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or State law, be subject to public access.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through this Web Site
The collection of information through this Web site and the disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. Stony Brook University will only collect personal information through this Web site or disclose personal information collected through this Web site if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to Stony Brook University by the user , constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by Stony Brook University for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to Stony Brook University.
However, Stony Brook University may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of Stony Brook University, or necessary for Stony Brook University to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user ; or (4) of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information , collected through this Web site is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law. Stony Brook University may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to Stony Brook University’s information technology assets.
Retention of Information Collected Through this Web Site
The information collected through this Web site is retained by Stony Brook University in accordance with the records retention and disposition requirements of the New York State Arts & Cultural Affairs Law. Learn More
In general, the Internet services logs of Stony Brook University, comprising electronic files or automated logs created to monitor access and use of Agency services provided through this Web site, are retained longer than required minimums. Information concerning these records retention and disposition schedules may be obtained through the Internet privacy policy contact listed in this policy.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information Collected Through this Web Site
Any user may submit a request to Stony Brook University's records access officer to determine whether personal information pertaining to that user has been collected through Stony Brook University. Any such request shall be made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the user , or similar appropriate identification. The address of the records access officer is:
Records Access Officer
Stony Brook University
291 Administration Building
Stony Brook, New York 11794-1308
E-Mail: RecordsAccessOfficer@ stonybrook.edu
https://www.stonybrook.edu/comm cms/audit/freedom.html
The records access officer shall, within five (5) business days of the receipt of a proper request, provide access to the personal information ; deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefor; or acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgment.
In the event that Stony Brook University has collected personal information pertaining to a user through this Web site and that information is to be provided to the user pursuant to the user ’s request, the records access officer shall inform the user of his or her right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information Collected Through this Web Site
Stony Brook University is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through this Web site against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Consequently, Stony Brook University limits employee access to personal information collected through this Web site to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, Stony Brook University has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of this Web site as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
For Web site security purposes and to maintain the availability of this Web site for all users , Stony Brook University employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage this Web site.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by the user's browser on the hard drive of the user's computer. This Web site uses cookies for some of its applications.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as failproof, the security of information provided through this Web site.
Contact Information
For questions regarding this Internet privacy policy, please contact:
Office of General Counsel
State University of New York at Stony Brook
Administration Room 328
Stony Brook, New York 11794
E-Mail: GeneralCounsel@ stonybrook.edu
Definition
The following definitions apply to, and appear in italics, in this policy:
Personal information: For purposes of this policy, “ personal information ” means any information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person.
User shall have the meaning set forth in subdivision 8 of section 202 of the State Technology Law.
