The following text is extracted and transformed from the shorewest.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-14. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Shorewest Realtors - Privacy Policy
Last Revised: March 18, 2014
Shorewest recognizes that privacy is important. This privacy policy applies to all websites owned or operated by Shorewest, REALTORS®, Inc., including without limitation the website on which this privacy policy appears (the "Shorewest Sites"). Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this privacy policy to "Shorewest" are to Shorewest, REALTORS®, Inc., its owners, officers, employees, agents, and assigns. References to "you" are to the user of any Shorewest Site.
Shorewest Sites are intended for a general audience and this policy describes our general use of information.
Children aged 13 or under
Children aged 13 or under are not permitted to use the Shorewest Sites.
Collection of Information
The Shorewest Sites permit you to request information and to use certain products and services, subject to Shorewest's terms of use agreement. As part of such use, you may be asked to register for a free ID and password and to provide certain personally identifying information such as name, address, phone numbers, email address, birth date, ZIP code, gender, and other information related to the services Shorewest provides. Shorewest uses your information to deliver services or information you have requested, and offer you products and services from Shorewest and our trusted partners, services that we believe may be of interest to you. Shorewest also uses your information to contact you when necessary for customer-service purposes. Shorewest may combine your information with other information from business partners or third parties in an effort to provide you a better product or experience. Shorewest may use information relating to your visit or use of our websites, or information you provide to us, for market research purposes.
Shorewest receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Shorewest cookies (small pieces of information stored by your browser), and the page(s) you request. Shorewest uses this information to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
You may choose not to submit certain personal information while on our websites; in such instances Shorewest may not be able to provide you certain services.
Use of Information
Except as otherwise described in this privacy policy, it is Shorewest's policy not to distribute to third parties any personally identifying information about you without your consent (usually communicated through either an "opt-out" or "opt-in" notification or mechanism). Upon obtaining your consent, Shorewest may provide access to or otherwise disclose your personally identifying information to third parties. However, Shorewest may aggregate certain personally identifying information - meaning that the information from many Shorewest users is grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information of any particular user - without your consent.
When Shorewest shares your information with our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, and trusted businesses or persons, we require that these parties agree to use your information based on our direction and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Shorewest may display targeted advertisements based on personal information. Third party advertisers (including ad-serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria. However, Shorewest does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted advertisement.
If you are using our services to register for an event or program or to purchase a third party product, Shorewest shares the personal information you provide to each applicable third party to fulfill your request. Each such party operates independently from Shorewest and maintains its own privacy and security policies. Shorewest bears no responsibility for the activities of any such third party to whom Shorewest provides information to process your request, and you should contact those third parties directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information.
Shorewest may release your personal information to third parties (a) in order to comply with a valid legal requirement such as in compliance with any law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena, or court order; or (b) when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding any illegal or unauthorized activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of Shorewest's terms of use agreement.
Shorewest may transfer the personal information collected under this privacy policy to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership such as a merger, acquisition or any form of sale of the majority of the assets of Shorewest to that third party.
Information Security
Shorewest uses commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard your information, but transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be fully secure in all instances. Shorewest cannot guarantee that personally identifiable information will always be disclosed only in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy.
Unsubscribe
If at any time you no longer want us to send you any regular communications, you may "opt-out" of such future communications, contact us at info@shorewest.com.
Contact Us
Shorewest regularly reviews its practices regarding personally identifiable information and this privacy policy. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, please contact us at:
Attn: Managing Director
Shorewest, REALTORS®, Inc.
17450 W North Ave.
Brookfield, WI 53045
Changes
Shorewest reserves the right to modify or supplement this privacy policy at any time without any prior notice to you. If Shorewest makes any changes, it will update the Shorewest Sites. It is your responsibility to review this privacy policy for changes that may affect your use of the Shorewest Sites. Your continued use of the Shorewest Sites once the revised privacy policy has been posted on the Shorewest Sites constitutes your acceptance of the changed privacy policy.
