The following text is extracted and transformed from the helpdating.net privacy policy that was archived on 2009-05-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Helpdating.net
Gadgets
Intranet, Usenet, Artificial Life...
Medicin & Health
Alternative, Mental Health, Occupational Health And Safety, Child Health, Teen Health, Education...
Entertainment & Art
Chats And Forums, Television, Photography, Digital, Bodyart...
World Stocks
Accounting, Electronics And Electrical, Construction And Maintenance...
Malls & Markets
Entertainment, Visual Arts, Children, Niche, Music...
|  |
Helpdating may collect demographic and personal data in order to provide surfers with a better Internet experience. A visitor to our sites may voluntarily choose to provide their information or possibly use our contact form. All personal details will always remain private and confidential. We will never sell, rent, barter or share personal details in any way with any other company. All data collected is for our internal use only, unless required by law to disclose. Also the appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures are in place to protect and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
This site does use cookies in order to provide a better web experience. However we do not keep any of your personal details on cookies and you can always opt-out from receiving them by changing your browser settings.
Any downloadable applications and browser add-ins, which are used by Helpdating to provide users with handy search tools, and which a user has opted to installed on their computer, can be uninstalled via Add/Remove Programs within user's Control Panel. None of these applications are used to transmit or collect personal information about the user.
We hate spam as much as you do. So, we will NEVER send you any unsolicited e-mail. If you choose to subscribe to our email notifications, you will receive them only during special announcements. Unsubscribe details are always shown on our emails.
Helpdating is not responsible for the content of sites which are linked into the search results; however we try to monitor all the links and remove links to sites which we deem inappropriate or harmful at our sole discretion.
Our commitment to the privacy protection of our clients, both online and offline is top priority. Please feel free to visit our company website if you have any questions or concerns about our policies and procedures - contact us.
---|---|---
