The following text is extracted and transformed from the sccu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Notice I Space Coast Credit Union | Space Coast Credit Union
Personal
Personal
Loans
Auto / Vehicles
Credit Cards
Recreational Vehicles
Personal Loans
Mortgages
Mortgage Purchase
Mortgage Refinance
Fixed Rate Home Equity
Home Equity Line of Credit
Checking & Savings
Savings, Certificates & IRAs
Checking & Debit
Money Market
Online & Mobile Banking
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Investments & Insurance
Investment Services
Insurance Products
Deposit & Loan Rates
Start Application
Business Services
Business Services
Savings
Share Savings
Money Market Savings
Checking & Debit
Platinum Interest Checking
Free Business Checking
Business Interest Checking
Business Advantage Checking
Health Savings Account
Loans
Vehicle & Equipment
Real Estate & Construction
Aircraft & Boat Loans
Credit Card
Loan Refinancing
Additional Business Services
Payroll
Merchant Services
Remote Deposit Capture
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Business Services
Commercial Loan Officers
Start Application
Why SCCU
Why SCCU
News
About SCCU
Legislative Action
Privacy Policy
Careers
Events Calendar
Branches/ATMs
Media Center
Help Center
Members' Watchdog
What Is Member's Watchdog
Ratings & Reviews
The Watchdog Symbol
Member Rewards
Member Discount Program
SCCU Blog
Spanish Blog
Start Application
PLANNING & ADVICE
PLANNING & ADVICE
Auto Buying Center
Life Event Center
Calculators
Investment Services
Home Buying Center
Articles
Start Application
Home > Why SCCU
At Space Coast Credit Union, your privacy is a top priority. This notice describes how we protect the privacy of your personal information. Throughout this notice, the word “information” refers to personal information about you that may not be publicly available.
We collect information about you from the following sources:
Applications and other forms you submit to us;
SCCU online functions, including SCCU.com, Online Banking, and SCCU mobile apps;
Your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others;
Representations made by you to us;
Representations made by other people regarding an employment, credit or other relationship with you; and Consumer reporting agencies.
We may disclose all of the information that we collect, as described above.
We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our members to anyone, except as permitted by law.
We may disclose information about you to the following types of third parties:
Financial service providers, such as those that provide quality assurance, mortgage, securities, and insurance services.
We may disclose all of the information that we collect, as described above, to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. To protect our members' privacy, we only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of the information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell or distribute to other third parties the information we provide to them.
We restrict access to information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal and state laws and regulations to guard your information.
Click here to print a copy of our privacy policy.
_ _ We recognize the need to provide additional privacy protections for children who visit our site. Learn more about our privacy policy for children who are under the age of 13 by clicking here.
SCCU Kids’ Privacy Policy The privacy of young visitors and other visitors to SCCU.com is one of our top concerns. As such, has adopted the following privacy policy, which conforms to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that we inform parents and legal guardians about how we collect, use, and disclose personal information from children. The term “parent” below includes legal guardians.
Site traffic records. SCCU collects information on domain names and dates and times of visits to SCCU.com. This information, which includes NO personal identifiers, allows SCCU to record traffic and improve its navigation and content. Visitor information is NEVER sold, given, or disclosed to third parties.
Cookies. SCCU does NOT require the use of per–session cookies. However, for visitors’ convenience in navigating the magazine, SCCU may still use temporary cookies, which are automatically erased after visitors close their web browsers. Cookie information is NEVER sold, given, or disclosed to third parties.
Visitor ratings of SCCU products and content. SCCU plans to institute a feedback mechanism whereby visitors can rate SCCU products, services, and website content on a five–point interest scale. SCCU will record raw content rating numbers and any provided reviews. Members over the age of 13 may agree to share their review with other website visitors, but no member information (with the exception of a first and last initial, or a first name and last initial) will be published. The content rating information is NEVER sold, given, or disclosed to third parties.
Email. SCCU may use feedback information from visitors to respond to inquiries, comments, or suggestions. Email information is NEVER sold, given, or disclosed to third parties.
Children Under Age 13. We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us by calling 1-800-447-7228, option 5 or by email and we will delete the information about the child from our files.
Children Over Age 13. Children age 13 and over may enter in certain contests/sweepstakes through SCCU.com. At the time of entry, they will be asked for their name, address, email address, and date of birth (to confirm age).
Personally identifying information is NEVER sold, given, or disclosed to third parties.
Upon the request of a user or a user’s parent or guardian, SCCU will delete all personally identifying information about that user from our files.
We may amend our Kids’ Privacy Policy at any time. We will provide parents notice on SCCU.com of any material changes in the way we intend to collect, use, and/or share kids’ personal information. Please note that, at all times, parents should update their personal information to provide us current email addresses. We will apply material changes in our Kids’ Privacy Policy in conformance with applicable law, including any applicable provisions of COPPA that require parental consent.
Please send your questions and comments about our web site privacy policy to the webmaster by e–mail, phone (800-447-7228), or mail (Webmaster, SCCU, P.O. Box 419001, Melbourne, FL 32941-9001).
