The following text is extracted and transformed from the globalladies.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
GlobalLadies.com: Watch Videos and Email Russian Women
Privacy
Information Collected
Information provided by you to European Connections, Inc. through this site is protected behind firewalls and is not shared in any way whatsoever with any other entity of any kind - - ever. When you join the site, you must provide an email address and a username so that you can be notified when you receive emails into your inbox. When you seek to make a payment, your first and last name, billing address and credit card information are required. When you seek to make a PayPal payment, you are sent to the PayPal site to provide their required information. No other personal information is ever requested from you.
Credit Card Fraud
All transactions are transmitted via 256-bit secure SSL socket encryption software. Our credit card processing payment process is audited by a Visa/Mastercard certified third party.
No Spam
Many spammers located in Russia create sites with phony profiles of beautiful ladies or they post them on free dating sites in order to capture your email address for spam purposes. This cannot happen on GlobalLadies.com because we prohibit the exchanging of email addresses and web URLs through our email forwarding system.
Advertisements
GlobalLadies.com does NOT have a relationship of any kind with ad server companies.
Confidentiality
All communications with GlobalLadies.com are transferred via email and are held in absolute confidence.
Opt-Out Procedure
If you wish to opt-out of receiving any promotional communications from GlobalLadies.com, simply follow the link which is located at the bottom of all such communications and then follow the instructions.
Enforcement
If you feel GlobalLadies.com is not following this stated privacy policy, please contact us.
|
To Watch Videos Now
Simply Provide the Following:
