The following text is extracted and transformed from the bigblueinteractive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-30. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
BigBlueInteractive.com (BBI) Privacy Policy
General Guidelines:
By accessing this website, you signify your agreement and consent to the BigBlueInteractive.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use BigBlueInteractive.com. In addition, your continued use of BigBlueInteractive.com following changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Big Blue Interactive.com ( BBI ) is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of its readership. Internet user privacy and confidentiality is of the utmost importance to us. There are instances where a user may provide specific personal information in response to a survey, purchase agreement, or registration questionnaire. This information is used by BBI so the reader can receive the goods or services requested. BBI regards all personal information collected from its readers as completely confidential. This includes personal data provided during registration processes and financial information.
BBI will not sell any personal information gathered to third parties. BBI will not release any personal information gathered to third parties except under the following conditions:
BBI reserves the right to disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) BBI , other BBI users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities, without prior notice. Your use of BigBlueInteractive.com constitutes your agreement to the BBI Terms of Use; Disclaimer of Liability.
BBI reserves the right to disclose user information in special cases to Law Enforcement or Government agencies in such instances where the information is required for the express purpose of criminal investigation, without prior notice. BBI may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, without prior notice.
BBI reserves the right to disclose user information in special cases to a user’s internet service provider (ISP) and provide the ISP with relevant user information without prior notice if a user is found to have abused the BBI Terms of Use.
BBI reserves the right to use any general information gathered for its own statistical, marketing, promotional, and other such purposes without prior notice. This includes information collected in surveys. BBI will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties such as advertisers.
BBI will remove any personal information gathered from its database(s) upon written request from any registered users within a 30 day time period following the removal request. Removal from the BBI database(s) will no longer afford the registered user the ability to participate in The Corner Forum or other such activities conducted on the site at BBI ‘s discretion, and without prior notice.
Direct Advertisers/Advertising Affiliates/Third-Party Vendors/Advertising Networks:
BBI employs direct advertisers, advertising affiliates, third-party vendors, and advertising networks. These companies manage and track the performance of their sales and/or ad programs. They may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In these instances, BBI has no control over the information collected by these parties, and may not be held responsible for actions where collected information is concerned.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see Consumer Opt-Out from the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). To find out more about how direct advertisers/advertising affiliates/third-party vendors/advertising networks that BBI works with manage the privacy of information in conjunction with selling products and/or serving ads on this site, please see their respective privacy policies at:
Ezoic
Google AdSense
BigLeadSports (USA Today Sports Media Group)
Amazon.com
Shop.Giants.com
TicketMonster.com
Links:
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that BBI is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy practices of each and every web site that collects your personally identifiable information.
The Corner Forum and E-Mail:
BigBlueInteractive.com makes The Corner Forum available to you. Please be aware that whenever you post personal information online, through bulletin boards or e-mail, that this information can be collected and used by others. We will take all reasonable precautions to protect your privacy, but always keep in mind that when you are in a public forum, you control the information you disclose. Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your family. BBI does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in The Corner Forum and, therefore, BBI specifically disclaims any liability with regard to The Corner Forum and any actions resulting from your participation in The Corner Forum.
Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (i.e., user name, e-mail address) in The Corner Forum that information, along with any substantive information disclosed in the user’s communication, can be collected, correlated, and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of BigBlueInteractive.com.
Cookies:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Users should be aware that BBI cannot and does not control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for BBI. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Users of this site can opt-out of receiving cookies from third party advertising networks through a link to Consumer Opt-Out from the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI).
Log Files:
We use IP (Internet Protocol) addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Modification of the Privacy Policy:
BBI reserves the right to change its Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of BigBlueInteractive.com following changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. By accessing this website, you signify your agreement and consent to the BBI Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use BigBlueInteractive.com.
Questions/Comments:
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, please contact us at info@bigblueinteractive.com.
This Document Was Last Updated on August 18, 2019
