The following text is extracted and transformed from the bigticket.ae privacy policy that was archived on 2017-10-28. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Big Ticket
A. Big Ticket Abu Dhabi and its affiliates (“Big Ticket”) respect the privacy rights of our online visitors. We have adopted this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to govern how we collect, store, use, process and disclose the information that you choose to give us online through ae. This Policy is subject to all governing laws and regulations regarding privacy protection.
B. We may revise this Policy from time to time by posting the amended terms on ae. All amended terms automatically take effect immediately upon posting. Your continued use of bigticket.ae after an updated Privacy Policy is posted signifies that you accept all its revisions.
C. Bigticket.ae may contain links to third-party sites. Big Ticket does not control these third-party sites or the companies or individuals who maintain them. We are not responsible for the actions of these third parties, or for any of your personal data that you provide to them after you leave bigticket.ae.
We automatically analyze trends and monitor usage statistics of ae by tracking the DFS.com pages viewed, the previous and following sites visited, the browser used and the computer’s Internet protocol address. You may browse DFS.com without telling us who you are or revealing your personal data. However, some of our services may not be available unless you choose, at your discretion, to provide us with personal data.
We use “cookies” (small pieces of information sent to your computer) on certain pages of ae to help analyze our web page traffic, customize our services, measure promotional effectiveness and maintain Internet security. We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status. We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of bigticket.ae. Big Ticket also works with advertising partners that use cookies, pixel tags and other tracking technologies to serve advertisements on behalf of their retail clients, including Big Ticket, across the Internet, including after you have visited our site. These advertising partners engage in remarketing, online behavioral advertising and ad delivery and reporting. These advertising partners may collect anonymous information about your browser as it makes visits to websites across the Internet (including our site) and your interaction with our advertising and e-mail communications. This anonymous information may also be used to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet. Big Ticket will have access to the information collected by these advertising partners and can then use it in combination with personally identifiable information provided by you to Big Ticket to enhance your experience on our sites.
Big Ticket recognizes a special obligation to protect personal data of young children. Therefore, children under 13 years of age are requested not to use this site.
This Privacy Policy was written in English. To the extent any translated version of this Privacy Policy conflicts with the English version, the English version prevails.
YOUR PERSONAL DATA
“Personal data” means any information from which it is practicable for the identity of an individual to be ascertained. The purposes for which we may use your personal data are divided into obligatory purposes and voluntary purposes. If personal data is to be used for an obligatory purpose, you must provide your personal data to us if you want us to provide the service for which you are applying. If personal data is to be used only for a voluntary purpose, it is entirely up to you to decide whether you want to provide such information to us or not.
The personal data that we ask you to provide on a voluntary basis are:
Name prefix (e.g., Mr., Ms.)
Secondary telephone numbers
Date of birth; and
any registration number previously issued to you by us
The purposes for which it is only voluntary for you to provide your personal data are to enable us to:
communicate with ae visitors and business partners;
develop systems, services and procedures and information offerings tailored to your needs; and
perform market research.
If any of our communications constitute direct marketing, we will separately seek your consent where required by applicable law.
The personal data which is obligatory for you to provide in order to receive registration services are:
Full name
Primary telephone numbers
E-mail address
Nationality
Country of residence; and
any password you previously created for your registration.
It is obligatory for you to provide your personal data in paragraph D above for us to provide the following services:
maintaining your registration;
informing you of benefits available through your registration;
relationship building;
data cleansing and profile updates;
enable us to process your order on ae; and
detect and prevent fraud.
We will take all practicable steps to keep your personal data confidential but we may disclose, transfer or assign such data to the following parties:
any agent, contractor, third party service provider or member of Big Ticket Abu Dhabi who provides administrative, telecommunications, computer and other services to us in connection with the managing, processing and storage of your data pursuant to the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy;
if we decide to sell any relevant part of our business, to any actual or proposed assignee, transferee or successor who agrees to assume our obligations to you under this Privacy Policy; and
any person to whom we are under an obligation or permitted to make disclosure under the requirements of any law.
RISK OF PERSONAL DATA TRANSMISSION
We urge you to protect your own privacy. We recommend that you do not share your password or personal data with anyone but trusted recipients.
We take seriously the task of safeguarding your personal data. Unfortunately, there is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions. This is true of all information sent through the Internet. As a result, we cannot completely ensure the security of any information you transmit. Transmission of any information is at your own risk.
Payment and associated information is handled by Network International-hosted payment gateway and Big Ticket will not store any credit card information.
Personal Data Privacy Officer
You are entitled to access and correct your personal data. If you would like to make any inquiries about your personal data or request that we cease use of your personal data for the above purposes, please contact Eric Davis, Data Protection Officer at;
DFS Group Limited
Eric L. Davis, Data Protection Officer
8/F., Chinachem Golden Plaza, 77 Mody Road
Tsimshatsui East, Kowloon, Hong Kong
or via e-mail at dpo@dfs.com or dfs.legal@dfs.com
