The following text is extracted and transformed from the coinsecure.in privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-13. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
User profile
Privacy Policy
Coinsecure assures users of our website that all personal information furnished to us whether via the website or otherwise is maintained with the utmost confidentiality and is unshared under most circumstances (unless specially solicited by us and permitted by you or required by law). We respect your privacy and wish you a hassle free experience with our website.
Legal Compliance
Coinsecure and its owners take a proactive approach to User privacy and ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to protect the privacy of its Users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies with all relevant laws for user privacy, specifically this policy has been made pursuant to the provisions of the the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data or information) Rules, 2011 issued by the Central Government in exercise of the powers conferred by clause (ob) of sub-section (2) of section 87 read with section 43A of the Information Technology Act, 2000 (21 of 2000).
Navigating Our Website
Most sections of our website can be viewed without furnishing any of your personal information. Certain sections of the website allow only restricted access and you could be asked for your personal information for identification / authentication purposes and granting access.
Registration
Users can register on the Coinsecure website by fulfilling the information requirements. The information collected during the registration process (e.g. name, address, e-mail, contact numbers, identity proof, etc.) is used to identify you as a user and sending you requested information from time to time.
Data with regard to the usage of resources on the website also constitutes personal information and could be used for analysis of our services and to enhance the value of our online offerings with time. We aim to keep you updated with our latest offerings and build a long standing relationship with you.
Subscription to listed electronic communication services may result in communications from Coinsecure. The option to unsubscribe is provided along with all online communications.
We do not solicit information in any form if you have indicated that you do not want to do not want to furnish the same at any point of time. However certain services of Coinsecure may only be provided to users who have submitted their personal information.
Security of Information
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete, up-to-date and stored in a secure environment protected from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. In case of any concerns the privacy officer can be contacted at infosec@coinsecure.in.
The website has added the ability to generate a keypair, address validation and easy data searches, amongst other features. Any personal or private information required for running these features is held on the server, and Coinsecure does not store or track any such information. The website uses SSL, therefore all data is directly moved between your system and the server.
We make every effort to maintain the security of our internet connections and servers and no customer information shall be stored on our online servers. Only authorized employees of Coinsecure will have access to the offline database. In the event Coinsecure requires printed copies of KYC documentation, they will be secured under lock and key.
For reasons outside of our control, security risks may still arise and Coinsecure disclaims any responsibility for damages arising out of such a security breach or failure. Any personal information transmitted to us or from our online products or services will therefore be at your own risk, however we will use our best efforts to ensure that any such information remains secure. We cannot protect any information that you make available to the general public – for example, on message boards or in chat rooms.
Sharing of Information
All user information collected by us through the website is maintained confidentially and not consciously shared with any third parties other than in the following circumstances:
Shared with Coinsecure’s affiliate entities for marketing and advertising requirements in relation to our services;
transferred, sold or divulged to third parties without your specific consent;
Shared with those who provide to us or affiliate entities products or services that support the services that we provide;
anyone we transfer our business to in respect of which you are a customer or a potential customer;
If required by governmental, regulatory or law enforcement agencies; and
If required by law to be supplied to any entity.
Cookies
The website uses cookies to better the Users’ experience while visiting the website. Cookies are small files saved on the user’s computer hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website. Users are advised that if they wish to stop the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computer hard drive they should take necessary steps within their own web browser’s security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
Other cookies may be stored to your computer’s hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected other than with specific consent.
India's Fastest 24/7 Realtime Bitcoin Trading Platform
