The following text is extracted and transformed from the e-rewards.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
e-Rewards Opinion Panel | Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 30, 2016
Information Collected to Provide a Personalised Experience
We will ask you to provide us with information about yourself.
We may supplement information that you provide with information received from other organisations to create segmentations.
We keep track of your interactions with our websites.
You can also sign up to participate in our advanced Cookies programme.
Additional details: Information Collected
Use of Information
We will not send any unsolicited commercial emails (“spam”) to you or sell your contact details to third parties.
We use the information we collect to provide you with relevant market research surveys.
We use the information we collect for market research purposes.
We keep the information you provide.
Additional details: How We Use the Information We Collect
Third-Party Involvement
We may share information about you with trusted third parties in order to enrich your profile, so as to provide you with more relevant market research surveys.
We may need to involve third parties for the fulfilment of rewards.
Should you express consent during the sign-up process, Research Now may share information about you with your recruitment sponsor.
All information is shared anonymously without identification, unless you consent to provide Personally Identifiable Information (PII).
Additional details: Third Party Websites
Your Privacy Choices
All programme members (“Members”) must opt in.
You can unsubscribe (opt out) from our membership programmes by contacting us.
You can choose to unsubscribe from our advanced cookie programme.
Additional details: Opting in and out
Information Protection
Our Privacy Policy undergoes a yearly review by an independent 3rd party.
We comply with market research industry standards such as those issued by CASRO and ESOMAR.
Additional details: Security
Contact Us
Questions about our Privacy Policy may be sent to either:
The Panel Manager
Research Now Ltd.
160 Queen Victoria Street,
London,
EC4V 4BF, UK;
Attn: Privacy Department
or the following email address: Privacy@Researchnow.com
