The following text is extracted and transformed from the fantasyfootballcafe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-10-29. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Utility Page - Fantasy Football Cafe 2013
On this page, you can find out how to write for the Cafe, whom to contact for what as well as a statement on our firm commitment to privacy. Once you're here, we'd also be particularly happy if you would participate in our Site Survey, which is located here. Interested in having your football writing published? Want to share your thoughts with the fantasy community? Fantasy Football Cafe welcomes submissions of interesting, original, and well-written articles.
Among the subjects we run in the Cafe's Articles section are: fantasy strategy, opinion and commentary on a wide range of football topics, as long as they are previously unpublished (humor is always a plus and so is good writing style, of course). We also welcome submissions for our Sleepers column, participation in the Cafe's Player Rankings as well as a helping hand in the editing room.
For details, please check out the Cafe's Pencil and Paper forum (you need to register to view this place - takes a moment of your time but will hopefully be worth it), or send an email to headscribe@fantasycafe.com with any questions you may have.
Keep in mind that the Cafe is a free community site, so while we can pay you in respect and you will earn the gratitude of other Cafe visitors, we cannot add any hard cash to your reward. However, Cafe writers receive considerable exposure for their work, so even if you are striving for a professional writer's career and plan to become filthy rich in the process, the Cafe may be an important stepping stone to showcase and improve your skills.
Looking forward to featuring your articles at the Cafe!
If you can read this, then the site isn't down - good! For any other technical issues, site errors, or if you have comments (feedback, complaints, or even occasional faint praise) about Cafe content, old and new articles, or typos and other mistakes, please visit the Cafe's Help Center.
If you're interested in a link at the Cafe (or would like to offer one on your own site), kindly fill in our link form.
For advertising matters or if you need to contact the Cafe's owner, please write to webmaster@fantasyfootballcafe.com.
Fantasy Football Cafe has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses Fantasy Football Cafe's information gathering and dissemination practices.
This site makes message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by those third-party ad companies, and we do not have access to this information. Ad companies may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to this site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. You can find more information about this practice and your choices concerning these practices at http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
This site contains links to other sites. Fantasy Football Cafe is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact the webmaster@fantasyfootballcafe.com.
