The following text is extracted and transformed from the pocketables.net privacy policy that was archived on 2007-04-25. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
pocketables.net
Reviews, information, and musings on portable consumer electronics and related accessories (more)
Get RSS feed
Shop here for gadgets, gizmos, and other good stuff.
As part of Six Apart’s TypePad network of blogs, pocketables is committed to informing visitors of the ways in which personal information about them is collected and used. In addition to the privacy policy outlined by Six Apart, pocketables provides the following information to ensure that visitors are aware of its policies before accessing the site.
Email addresses
Although your name, email address, and website URL are not required to post a comment on a blog entry, TypePad’s system automatically collects your IP address for diagnostic and monitoring purposes. Contacting pocketables using this form requires a valid email address and also records your IP. In both cases, all information that is collected will not be sold to or shared with unrelated third parties.
IP addresses
As stated above, your IP address is collected by TypePad whenever you post a comment on a blog entry. It is also logged via traffic reports that record website statistics to analyze how visitors use the site, which pages they find most useful, the length of their visit, and so on. Such information is crucial for advertisers and indicates the kinds of content that perform best and suit visitors’ preferences. Your IP address is not linked to personally identifiable information and will be kept private.
Third-party sites
Like most websites, pocketables frequently includes links to other sources whose privacy policies TypePad and pocketables do not control. When you access content and services offered by other sites, personal information you provide or that is automatically collected is governed by the policies of those sites.
Cookies
TypePad and pocketables' advertisers use cookies to record session information, save user preferences, keep track of how many times a particular advertisement has been displayed, and so on. Advertisers do not have access to TypePad’s cookies, and vice versa. Accessing pocketables is not dependent on accepting cookies; however, setting your browser to reject cookies may prevent you from using certain features of the site and/or from participating in various offers from advertisers.
Questions
If you have questions about Six Apart’s privacy policy or the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, please contact Six Apart directly using the information at the bottom of this page. If you have questions regarding the policies outlined above, use this form to contact pocketables.
