The following text is extracted and transformed from the classifiedindia.co.in privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Free Coimbatore classifieds, Free classifieds in Coimbatore, Classifieds Coimbatore,Coimbatore classifieds, All India classifieds - Coimbatore, India - Classified india
adsense ads
|
|
Search
Privacy Policy
Classifiedindia.co.in is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. The following policy acts as a guide inenabling you to understand how your personal information will be treated when you make use of the site. This policy may change from time to time.
What kind of personal information will be collected from you?
When you register on Classifiedindia.co.in, personal data such as name, email id, address, phone number are required. On registration you will receive a unique user name that will give you complete access to Classifiedindia.co.in. In addition we may ask you for personal information at other times, including (but not limited to) when you place ads or use other features of the Classifiedindia.co.in
How is your information used?
Classifiedindia.co.in collects your personal information to provide you with a customized experience and to assist your navigation throughout the Classifiedindia.co.in
Who collects your information?
The personal information you furnish to Classifiedindia.co.in will not be disclosed to anyone unless it is specifically stated otherwise. But some activities will, by their very nature, result in your personal information being revealed to other users.
With whom your information may be shared?
Classifiedindia.co.in will not disclose your personal information except when we have your permission or under special circumstances.
Classifiedindia.co.in may disclose account information only when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms of Service of the Classifiedindia.co.in or may be causing injury to or interference to its rights or property, other users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Classifiedindia.co.in may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.
The kind of security precautions that are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information
Other than the administrator of the Classifiedindia.co.in or other authorized personnel of Classifiedindia.co.in you are the only person who has access to your personal information. Your user registration is password-protected to prevent unauthorized access.
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Classifiedindia.co.in will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. As an extra security precaution, you may want to logoff once you have completed a session in the Classifiedindia.co.in This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Classifiedindia.co.in cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
What else should you know about your online privacy?
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
adsense ads
