The following text is extracted and transformed from the bumpzee.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-10-25. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Terms of Use
All submissions are moderated; However, we rely on the good sense of members in conducting themselves appropriately. Please agree to and follow these simple rules when using this website:
You must be 13 years of age or over, or have submitted a parental release form in order to post on this website. This is in compliance with COPPA, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
Usernames, profile pictures, and profile content that are inappropriate (vulgar, inflammatory, or otherwise inappropriate) will be removed.
Actions for the purpose of gaming BUMPzee's rankings, such as creating multiple accounts will result in account deactivation without warning.
Treat other members with respect.
All user contributed content is subject to moderation, editing, or removal. Do not use vulgar or inflammatory language in your posts.
Blog information (titles, post content) may be edited it content is deemed inappropriate.
Do not post vulgar, animated, or self-promotional pictures as profile pictures. Pictures are subject to removal.
Submitted URLs are subject to review and may not be made visible. Links to adult content, anything that is unlawful, or promotional without other significant value will be deleted.
You agree not to hold BUMPzee or its members liable for anything stated herein.
You will not post any copyrighted material on this website.
You will not copy any information off of this website without first getting the permission of the original author and BUMPzee.com.
Submissions on this website are the opinion of the poster and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of BUMPzee.
Terms for Creating Communities and Public Feed Groups
BUMPzee may, at the owners discretion, deactivate any community that is deemed inappropriate. Content that contains hate messages, pornography, or other vulgar content will likely not be publicized on BUMPzee.com.
Privacy Policy
Cookies
A cookie is a data file that certain web sites write to your computer when you visit such sites. A cookie file can contain information, such as a user identification code, that the site uses to maintain a personalized look and feel on the pages you have visited. BUMPzee uses cookies solely to maintain user access levels throughout the web site. This data is used on an anonymous basis and we do not correlate this information with personal data of any user.
Most web site browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie, or to refuse all cookies. However, if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our web site, you may not be able to use certain features of the site.
Browser Level Information
BUMPZee web servers automatically collect information about a site user's IP address, browser type and referrer by reading this information from the user's browser (information provided by every user's browser). This information is collected in a database and used--in an aggregated, anonymous manner--in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our web site. This information is automatically logged by most web sites.
Visitor Tracking BUMPzee uses cookies to track which members visit other members' websites. These members may post a 'widget' that displays your account picture and username on their blog as a 'recent visitor'. We intend to allow you to opt out of this behavior.
Uses and Disclosure of Data
BUMPzee collects personal user data as part of the registration process, but does not disclose this information to any third parties. You may choose to make your information available to other members of the service by making them a "friend" or "contact".
E-Mail
BUMPzee will never intentionally send unsolicited email. Registered users may occasionally receive email that is beneficial and/or necessary information for the member base.
Questions or comments about this policy may be submitted to the Administrator of this site.
Contact Information
Address:
Scott Jangro
P.O. Box 886
Stow, MA 01775
For support, information, advertising, or partnership information, please Contact Us.
