The following text is extracted and transformed from the tabstabs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Tabstabs.com // Privacy Policy
and save the song to your songbook
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z
0-9
Personal Information
The only required information is your e-mail adress. We do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes, including selling. You are under no obligation to give your real name when submitting a tab or when becoming a member.
Cookies
Cookies are used for logins, and for logins only. These cookies do not receive any information about you or your system, and are used only for authorization purposes
Client area account
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your client area account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the account. You must immediately notify Tabstabs.com of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. Tabstabs.com will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Tabstabs.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites, or their content.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy a www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Acceptance of This Privacy Policy
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information by Tabstabs.com in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
