The following text is extracted and transformed from the regexadvice.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-04-03. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
AspAdvice.com Lists
|
Home
Register
Log In
Modify User Settings
Search the Lists
Enterprise Servers
ASP.NET
General
ASP.NET V2 Whidbey
Newsletters
Languages
Classic ASP
Open Source
Starter Kits
User Groups
Application Blocks
3rd Party Products
Sponsors
Effectively Use Lists
Tell A Friend
Volunteers
Supporters
If you have any questions about how we use your information, please contact us
Emails
If you are on our mailing list and do not want to receive email from us in the future, please visit the member list subscription pageto remove yourself from our lists immediately.
Your email address is used for no other purpose than to allow your participation in the AspAdviceAspAdvice listserv.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web site, to notify you about updates to our Web site, and is NOT shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Cookies
We use cookies to record session information, such as whether or not you are logged into the site or what lists you have access too.
Third-party Advertising
We use the ASPAlliance ad server.
Future Changes
From time to time, we may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward . You may prevent this information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by contacting us.
Ammendments to Data
On request we offer you the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site. You can have this information corrected by contacting us.
Complaints
If you feel that we are not following our stated information policy, please contact usimmediately.
