The following text is extracted and transformed from the regina.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-05. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
City of Regina | Privacy
All personal information is managed in accordance with The Local Authority Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act Opens in new window (LA FOIP). Other Canadian and international privacy protection requirements may also apply, including Canada’s  Anti-Spam Legislation Opens in new window and the  European Union General Data Protection Regulation Opens in new window(GDPR) . All information in the possession and under the control of the City is subject to The Records Retention and Disposal Schedules Bylaw, 2012.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
The City will only collect personal information that relates to the services and delivery of services provided by the City. The City has an obligation to inform an individual when and why personal information is collected and what it will be used for. The information must only be used for the purpose for which it is collected or a use consistent with that purpose. In order to use the information for any other purpose, the City must obtain consent from the individual, preferably in writing.
Some examples of personal information that the City may collect include:
Contact information such as name, address, phone number
Demographic information such as age, gender, education or household information
Health information
Identification information
Personal opinions
Billing, service account, income or other financial information
Voice recording and video surveillance may be used to increase public safety and/or improve customer service. The City makes every reasonable effort to ensure citizens are adequately informed.
Personal information may be used for purposes such as the following:
Verifying your identity or age for program eligibility
Sending important notices and changes to our policies or terms of services
Auditing, data analysis, and research to improve the City’s services and communications
Providing voluntary opinions or feedback on various topics
Website users may consent, and voluntarily provide certain personal information to request services, enter contests or complete online surveys
Your email address, subject to  Canada'sAnti-Spam LegislationOpens in new window, or mailing address may be used to contact you regarding new services, upcoming events, facility information or other relevant notifications
Disclosure of Personal Information
We do not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent unless disclosure is authorized by legislation, required by law or for the purposes of criminal investigation.
LA FOIP provides for disclosure of personal information without consent in limited circumstances such as:
By subpoena or warrant
To legal counsel
To protect the mental or physical health or safety of an individual
To assist in the provision of services to the individual
To comply with an Act or Regulation
At times other local authorities, provincial government ministries or organizations, or federal agencies may require personal information or information verification from the City in order to register you for services, confirm eligibility or for statistical purposes.
Your information may be disclosed to organizations contracted by the City to provide services on behalf of the City. Contractors must maintain and protect your information in accordance with applicable privacy legislation.
Your information may also be used or disclosed for the purpose of locating you in order to collect a debt or to make a payment owing to you by the City.
The Regina Fire & Protective Services Department may collect, use and disclose your medical information in the provision of emergency response services. In all services provided by the City where your personal health information is collected, information is only shared in legally authorized situations including providing medical information to Emergency Medical Services, external health care providers or authorized organizations.
In some cases, information may be stored outside of Canada and is subject to the laws of that jurisdiction.
The City takes many precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized collection, access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Links
Our website contains links to other websites which are provided to you as a convenience only. You are advised that other third party websites may have different privacy practices than the City of Regina. The City has no responsibility for such third party websites.
Access to Personal Information
If you have questions about accessing your personal information or changes to your personal information contact Service Regina at 306-777-7000. It is your responsibility to ensure the City is informed of changes to your personal information.
If your request for personal information, includes a large number of records or personal information of others, is extremely complex, or if there is concern over whether or not the request is permitted by law, you may be directed to make an Access to Information Request.
Privacy Complaints
If you believe that the City of Regina has mishandled your personal information or has not adequately responded to your request for access to your personal information please complete the Privacy Complaint FormOpens in new window and forward it to:
City of Regina
Access & Privacy Team
Office of the City Clerk
PO Box 1790
2476 Victoria Avenue
Regina, SK S4P 3C8
Email: lafoip@regina.caOpens in new window
Phone: 307-777-7262
Fax: 306-777-6809
Other Resources
Saskatchewan Office of the Information and Privacy CommissionerOpens in new window
City of Regina Privacy PolicyOpens in new window
