The following text is extracted and transformed from the mesomorphosis.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-04-03. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Steroid Books
Anabolics 2005
Building the Perfect
Beast
Legal Muscle
Anabolic Steroids in
Sports & Exercise
Anabolic Therapy in Modern Medicine
Videos and DVDs
Ronnie Coleman - Cost
of Redemption (DVD)
Dorian Yates - Blood & Guts (DVD)
Jay Cutler - Ripped to Shreds (DVD)
Markus Ruhl - Made in Germany (DVD)
Arnold Schwarzenegger - The Comeback (DVD)
|
Home > Privacy Policy
Meso-Rx takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers Meso-Rx's treatment of personally identifiable information that Meso-Rx collects when you are on the Meso-Rx site, and when you use Meso-Rx's services.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Meso-Rx does not own or control, or to people that Meso-Rx does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
Meso-Rx collects personally identifiable information when you register for the Meso-Rx Message Board, when you use certain Meso-Rx products or services, and when you visit Meso-Rx pages,.
When you register with Meso-Rx Message Board, we ask for your name, email address and personal interests. Once you register with Meso-Rx and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Meso-Rx also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, Meso-Rx cookie information and the page you requested.
Meso-Rx uses information to customize the advertising and content you see.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Meso-Rx will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Meso-Rx may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Meso-Rx to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.); or
We find that your actions on our web sites violate the Meso-Rx Terms of Service, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Cookies
Meso-Rx may set and access Meso-Rx cookies on your computer.
Meso-Rx allows other companies that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Meso-Rx's cookies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Meso-Rx may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, contact us. To further protect your online privacy and security, click here.
