The following text is extracted and transformed from the mysticmamma.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy | MYSTICMAMMA.COM : consciousness, spirituality, astrology, wisdom, inspiration new
This Privacy Policy sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you interact with the mysticmamma.com website (the “Site”).
When accessing the website, we will learn certain information about you, both automatically and through voluntary actions you may take, during your visit. This policy applies to information we collect on the website and in email, text, or other electronic messages between you and the website.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By using the website or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by the Privacy Policy. Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change our Privacy Policy at some point in the future, in which case we’ll post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this website and update the Effective Date of the policy to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.
Through the use of the Site you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
What information do we collect?
Web Server Data
When you visit our website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include: Your Internet protocol address, the kind of browser or computer you use, number of links you click within the site, state or country from which you accessed the site, date and time of your visit, name of your Internet service provider, web page you linked to our site from and pages you viewed on the site.
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it.
The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Use of Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Third Party Use Of Cookies
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
What do we use your information for?
_We do not share or disclose any data with anybody.  Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent. _
You data will only be used for the express purpose of delivering a purchased product or service requested.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Visitors’ GDPR Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws to include but not limited to privacy laws in the United States and General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. You can email us at info@mysticmamma.com
Contacting Us
For any privacy issue that you are having with your data please email info@mysticmamma.com
