The following text is extracted and transformed from the translink.bc.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy
The TransLink Enterprise Privacy Policy reflects the requirements of the  Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FOIPPA), the regulatory requirements of the South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority Act (the “Act”) and other relevant legislation.
The South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority (“TransLink”) is the regional transportation authority responsible for public transportation in the Metro Vancouver region. TransLink’s public transit services include bus, community shuttle, ferries (SeaBus), rapid transit (SkyTrain), commuter rail (West Coast Express) and custom transit services for persons with disabilities (Access Transit).
TransLink is committed to protecting your personal information. FOIPPA sets out the terms under which a public body can collect, use and disclose personal information and requires that reasonable steps be taken to protect the information they hold. FOIPPA defines personal information as recorded information about an identifiable individual other than contact information.
This Policy reflects our long-standing commitment to the protection of the privacy of the personal information in all of our business operations. It is designed to promote the transparency of our privacy practices for the reasonable collection, use and disclosure of personal information in the course of providing transportation services.
Definitions
Accountability
Collection of Personal Information
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
How We Protect Your Personal Information
How Long Your Information Is Kept
How You Can Access Your Personal Information
General
For More Information About This Policy
Changes to this Policy
For more information, please contact:
TransLink Privacy Officer
778.375.7500
privacy@translink.ca
Last Update: June 2015
Previously Updated: December 2010
