The following text is extracted and transformed from the tt4you.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-11-21. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Language Exchange Community : TT4YOU
TT4YOU thinks of the user personal information very importantly. Therefore, as the user uses the service of TT4YOU, we try our best to protect the personal information provided in the website. TT4YOU had been founded under the law of Rep. of Korea, and it keeps all the laws effective by Korea, the Communication secrecy protection law, Electronics communication law, Information communication network usage procedure and information protection and many others regarding it, and all the laws that must be kept by information communication service providers that had been provided by the ministry of information policy so that it tells you what kind of statues are taken place for the personal information protections.
By announcing the personal information policy in the main page of the website, we provide the information so that the users can see whenever they wish to.
The personal information protection policy may change according to Korean government law changes, guide changes, or with the inner policy changes, and needed procedures are taken in order to provide continuous development of personal information protection policy. Also, when the personal information policy is revised, the version number, revised date and other information is announced in 7days advance in the TT4YOU announcement so that the user can see them easily.
TT4YOU’s personal information protection policy contains the information as the following.
Agreement on collecting personal information
Collection purpose and Usage purpose of personal information
Collected personal information descriptions and collection method
Possession and usage period of collective personal information
Public ownership and provision of collective personal information
Policies regarding personal information management (view, correction, delete, etc) of user themselves
Cookie management regarded forms
Measure of technical-management of personal information relation
Entrust of personal information
Regarding collecting opinions regarding personal information and complaint procedure
Persistence responsibilities
Contact of TT4YOU personal information management personnel
Effective date) This policy is effective from November,12, 2007
