The following text is extracted and transformed from the gamerzplanet.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Announcement - GamerzPlanet Privacy Policy | Gamerzplanet - For All Your Online Gaming Needs!
Thread Status:
__Not open for further replies.
Skyline_GTR GzP Admin Staff Member Admin
Messages:
9,783
Likes Received:
153
Joined:
Nov 23, 2005
**Privacy Policy
**
Our Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the GamerzPlanet website. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
* Name
* Address
* Email address
* (etc.)
**The Way We Use Information:
** Your information will only be used to make GamerzPlanet a better place for all people. We only use information that will not be able to identify individual such as age, and country.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by sending us an e-mail. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Finally, we never use personally identifiable information to third parties without your permission.
How To Contact Us
We reserve the right to modify and amend these terms at any time without notice. If you have any concerns on about GamerzPlanet Privacy Police, please Contact Us.
http://share-screen.org/streamshow/
​
Last edited by a moderator: Dec 20, 2012
Thread Status:
__Not open for further replies.
