The following text is extracted and transformed from the gamebanana.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-21. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy [Wikis]
[]  account_circle Signup  Already a member?  Login
Mods
Craftings
Effects
Game files
GUIs
Maps
Scripts
Skins
Sounds
Sprays
Tools
Dev
Castaways
Contests
Concepts
Positions Available
Models
Prefabs
Projects
Requests
Studios
Textures
Tutorials
WiPs
Social
Discussions
Apps
Articles
Bugs
Blogs
Clubs
Events
Generators
Ideas
Initiatives
Members
News
Polls
Questions
Reviews
Status Updates
Threads
Wikis
Wares
Members
Online
Honorary
Portfolio
Leaderboards
Exemplifications
Subscribers
Thankers
Thanked
Donors
Donees
Submitters
Activity Logs
Medals
Unlocks
Points
Awards
Languages
عربى
български
brasileiro
简体中文
Deutsche
dansk
Esperanto
Español
français
Ελληνικά
Magyar
bahasa Indonesia
Молдовеняскэ
Polskie
Română
русский
Türkce
український
Translation Template
Translation Scripts
{"_bIsDisabled":false}      We are a gaming community for modders and creators , since 2001. Join us! Our away homes on the interwebs:
Discord
Twitter
STEAM
{"_sRefreshTask":"\t\t\t\tvAreRequest('eFJpWmFZbG1HaDBLHBQOzsZeHuI3bV8EO2OYlybMIy11YYwUlR0j2oPQm7C7hqXj1AZAZg-5BfW5tboIB_LrCgEzpCFf-eHm4kFBsA1ddml3WHt1Oet4zvgSXpbF-uSnRz5BdsRktPVNiG8RxH0IuuJwf3QgYK2L9D4JW02wAdCgSys8YU9YDIHcaG0lFyG8UUO4WL1_To2Br6kUx1UxwnHdYVCV1jv3cc-Iv1yXU5CqaRQRbtiOIFeL8YtFf3zMZjtoBHuoh3Aaflo7cOJp1EKqsF_hhhKFmO3XAMLoOUBFXsuCG34KUXj7a7oH7m65ZQgyHgIkeeAqZdbISwBiH5Y9rSACCkkJ5qqqJXW1AwncLRJwYKZtaIcmP8lEBwy0k8YTkhKhdIJDjiqKar5bF7peeG-aWiAdG7OTEvfsbWo_dfN2Rf4nTNVosqBcSUDCaxQ9g7k6lKE0nyS9-1T84AiMf-tmo_qyAGmtTVJnYdVqJC3S_jLB5ZC6OSyzOvBak-QTlHszIkiHoWFbKCcEznIkk-3yBefzG41UPdmemco-JD6msNph2f2rKHzZw6-CjIrzPkRGZCDMx7fdhWiTZkidz62GY0_8Qhlq3W7DeNpk0DkZvzjl96iBEKBx9K9_ov_Ik264aLVKi_P9n4YKeB0xaV2-xmPLKAQRCIrOUIiXImNFdpiEQotMcmLlDAj_6Manll0tZOY4m_IwwliRDRMn2oGNaF4lmvPlmNkOYidWQJWZecVh9vAvgT67jp8GyLNosEBfVs-1xxveo9-MspLMfiD46CfKkp6cDYzsiWkK2_wL5z3ddyhKTCG-KtmEr3D9nc9VN0INHZapU4bZwuqDPTuCclIfS5whxi2wJEFEanFxQnRRZDVRPT0','',{\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\tdata: {},\r\n\t\t\t\t\t\turl: 'https:\/\/gamebanana.com\/responders\/are'\r\n\t\t},false)\r\n\t\t\t","_nRefreshInterval":120000}
Games
Signup or login to create shortcuts to your favorite games!
All games
Add a game
[]
Search
Browsing history matches:
[] Login
Login
Become a member today and start sharing your creations!
Sign up Receive these membership benefits:
No ads
Join a Studio team
Earn points & medals
Buy games with points
Unlock 50+ site features
Store your mods in one place forever
Get notified about new mods
Already a member? Login []
1-Click Installers
Install and manage your mods easily with community-made 1-Click mod downloaders.
HedgeModManager
Meteor
Modboy
Rivals Modding Tool
gvk's Mod Installer
Sonic Mania Mod Manager
SA2 Mod Loader
SADX Mod Loader
S&KC Mod Loader
Puyo Tetris Mod Manager
Reloaded Mod Loader
Reloaded 2 Mod Loader
Sonic R Mod Loader
Everest Installer
EverInst
Sonic '06 Mod Manager
Sonic 3 A.I.R Mod Manager
Sonic 4 Mod Loader
BCML
Quasar Mod Manager
Resources
Installers Wiki
Developers
{"_bHasUpdates":false}
NavOptions
Unsaved changes
Customize the user interface.
Ads keep us online. Without them, we wouldn't exist. We don't have paywalls or sell mods - we never will. But every month we have large bills and running ads is our only way to cover them.
Please consider unblocking us.
Thank you from GameBanana < 3
Wikis > Rules
A Wiki
The privacy agreement between you and Machinefloor Co.
This Privacy Policy details how we collect, use, and disclose personal information from and about you when you use GameBanana, other sites, applications and services provided, owned, or operated by GameBanana Co.
1.1. Our Services
GameBanana, and other sites, applications, or services provided, owned, or operated by GameBanana Co.
1.2. Third Party Service
External services that support our Services - such as analytics platforms & advertising platforms.
1.3. Personal Data
Data that may identify you as a natural person.
1.4. Member
A user of our Services that has created a membership, who can login and logout of our Services' account platform(s).
1.5. Guest
A user of our Services who has not created a membership, or who has created a membership but has not logged in.
1.6. Administrator
People who work voluntarily to maintain and manage Our Services, and have access to restricted areas where your Personal Data may be visible.
1.7. Security Platform
A restricted system that monitors, audits and mitigates security issues. This platform is accessible by Adminstrators.
1.8. Scrubber
Our Services' Personal Data Anonymization tool, which severs the link between your posts, submissions and you as a natural person. Using it will effectively make you disappear from Our Services.When you use our Services, you data can be shared in 4 different ways:
Via our Services, voluntarily: for example, when you register, or when you enter additional details about yourself, to personalize your account.
Via our Services, involuntarily: for example, when you login, or perform an action that must inform our Security Platform.
Via a Third Party Service, voluntarily: for example, when you accept an advertising consent popup.
Via a Third Party Service, involuntarily: for example, when an advertising banner receives your IP address.
You may share Personal Data - voluntarily or involuntarily - when using our Services. Below details what is shared, how it is shared and how it is used.
3.1. What is Voluntarily Collected
3.1.1. Username & Email (mandatory)
Provided when creating an account.
3.1.2. Avatar, HD Avatar & Sig Image (optional)
Provided when personalizing and individualizing you community identity.
3.1.3. Contact info (optional)
Provided when creating the contact details profile module.
3.1.4. Credit Card number and Shipping/Billing Address (optional)
Provided when you purchase a Ware with US Dollars.
3.1.5. Paypal address, Patreon usernamne, STEAM username (optional)
Provided to offer donation methods to supporters.
3.2. What is Involuntarily Collected
3.2.1. IP Address
Provided & stored when logging in, to inform our Security Platform.
Provided when purchasing Wares, to prevent fraud.
Provided when signing up, to prevent duplicate accounts, point farming and point laundering.
3.2.2. User Agent
Provided automatically when logging in, to inform our Security Platform.
3.3. What May Be Collected Ambiguously
Sometimes, you may share Personal Data outside of a mechanism our Services have designed to collect your Personal Data. For example, a Username Input is specifically designed to collect your Personal Data, whereas a Readme/Blurb Input about your mod is designed for a detailed description of your game modification. When you share Personal Data through an Input not designed to collect Personal Data, our Services will not automatically detect this. In this instance, we can’t control or accept responsibility for the way your Personal Data will be displayed, shared or consumed by others.
When you use the Scrubber, you are encouraged to first audit your submissions and posts to erase any Personal Data that you may have ambiguously shared in them, which the Scrubber will not automatically detect and erase.
We use your data to operate, maintain and enhance features and functionalities (new or existing) of our Services.
4.1. Username (mandatory)
Used to identify you in the community. Displayed publicly in your member profile, submissions, posts, submission credits areas, activity lists (medals, points, unlocks etc) and leaderboards. Displayed privately in security logs accessible to Administrators.
4.2. Email (mandatory)
Used to notify you of new posts, submissions and other activity that may interest you. Used to verify account procedures (such as logging in from a blacklisted IP, or logging in after a period of inactivity) and to reset your password. Your email is never displayed publicly.
4.3. Contact Info (optional)
Displayed publicly to facilitate others to connect with you outside of our Services.
4.4. Credit Card, Billing/Shipping Address (optional)
Used to process your purchase of Wares. The last 4 digits of your Credit Card Number is stored.
4.5. Paypal Address, STEAM username, Patreon Username (etc) (optional)
Used to display donation buttons in your submissions, in order for fans to support your work.
5.1. Frequently
Members & Guests who can see your Username in your posts and submissions, and any other optional Personal Data you have submitted voluntarily through established collection mechanisms (Contact details profile module, Submission credits, etc) or ambiguously through Inputs Our Services do not monitor for Personal Data (e.g. Readme/Blurbs, Descriptions, Installation Instructions, Archive Readme files, etc).
Administrators , who can see your private Personal Data, such as your Email, IP Address & User Agent.
5.2. Less Frequently, Rarely or Never
Regulators and government authorities in connection with our compliance procedures and obligations.
A purchaser or prospective purchaser of all or part of our assets or our business, and their professional advisers, in connection with the purchase.
A third party to respond to requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity.
A third party, in order to enforce or defend our rights, or to address financial or reputational risks.
A rights holder in relation to an allegation of intellectual property infringement or any other infringement.
Other recipients where we are authorized or required by law to do so.
6.1. For Guests
To decline to share Personal Data that is mandatory with our Services, you can choose not to become a Member, and browse our Services as a Guest. Our Services do not collect any Personal Data about Guests. However, our Third Party Services will still collect Personal Data. Generally, Guests have a similar browsing experience to Members, however, Members accrue loyalty benefits over time, such as, for example, the ability to disable Advertisements.
6.2. For Members
As a Member, you can decline to share Personal Data that is optional. This will not limit your experience of our Services.
If you wish to no longer share mandatory Personal Data with our Services (Username and Email), you must end your Membership, at which point you will return to Guest status.
6.2.1. Deleting your Personal Data
This involves several steps:
Identify the Personal Data you have voluntarily provided across your posts and submissions.
Erase this Personal Data you have identified that you provided voluntarily, by Editing affected posts and submissions.
Use the Scrubber tool in your Settings area.
Your Personal Data is stored centrally and securely in our Services' private, dedicated server cluster, located in the New York Metro Area of the United States. Your Personal Data is not transferred and stored outside this environment, nor is it stored with a distributed cloud-based hosting platform. Because we maintain our own private server infrastructure, we have full control over the security and replication of your Personal Data.
7.1. Data Replication
We replicate your Personal Data for backup purposes, in the event that our servers or hard disks fail, or in the event that through human error your Personal Data is deleted. Typically, we maintain 3 copies of your Personal Data on our Backup Server. Our Backup Server is located within our private server infrastructure as mentioned above, and is never transferred outside to a separate hosting environment.
7.2. Data Retention
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as is necessary to provide Our Services to you and others, and to comply with our legal obligations. To remove your Personal Data from public display on Our Services, please refer to Sharing Choices above.
7.3. Data Security
Our Services implement administrative, technical, and physical measures designed to protect your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, alteration, or destruction. These measures include:
Physical Barriers - our private server infrastructure is physically guarded 24/7.
Firewalls - our servers only communicate to one another in specific ways, between specific origins and destinations.
Network monitoring - we monitor for attacks on Our Services, and protect our Members' accounts by notifying them of suspicious activity.
TLS encryption - most of Our Services are only accessible via an encrypted connection.
However, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% private and secure, and you understand that GameBanana Co does not ensure or warrant the privacy or security of any information collected from or about you, and that when you use and share your Personal Data with Our Services you do so at your own risk. If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential.
7.4. Personal Data Anonymization
If you choose to remove your Personal Data from public display, Our Services will still retain some of your Personal Data, accessible by Administrators only. Your Personal Data will become anonymized and used to inform our Security Platform. This anonymized Personal Data includes:
Your IP Address
Your User agent
Personal Data Anonymization involves severing or scrambling the link between your Personal Data and you as a natural person. For example, when your Username (the primary form of Personal Data that identifies you on Our Services), is scrambled using the Scrubber, no person or system will be able to attribute your existing posts and submissions to you as a natural person.
7.5. Storage Maintenance
From time to time, our private servers require maintenance. Sometimes, they need to be re-purposed, turned off or migrated to other private servers within our private infrastructure. When this occurs, every effort is made to ensure your Personal Data is not exposed, lost, tampered with or abandoned.In order to maintain our Services, we must rely on Third Party Services. These include:
8.1. Advertising Networks
Advertising Networks may track you across the Internet in order to better target ads to you. When you search on Google for example, you may start seeing ads related to your search on our Services. This is called Remarketing. Advertising Networks use your IP Address to determine who you are and when to start and stop displaying certain ads to you.
8.2. Analytics Platforms
Analytics Platforms track your behavior on our Services anonymously. This data is used to inform us about how you use our Services and potential ways we can improve our Services.
8.3. Sharing Choices
To prevent your Personal Data being shared involuntarily with our Third Party Services, you have some options. Please note that these options cannot fully guarantee your Personal Data is not shared, but they will significantly reduce sharing that may occur. Warning, these options may significantly alter our Services' appearance and functionality.
8.3.1. Moderate Options
Turn on "Do Not Track" in browser settings
Browse in "Incognito Mode" in browser settings
Browse using a VPN or web proxy
Clear your cookies to wipe existing tracking cookies
8.3.2. Extreme Options
Turn off Cookies in browser settings
Turn off Javascript in browser settings
Turn off Media Downloading or use a Text-Only browser like Lynx
9.1. European Union
For the purposes of applicable EU data protection law (including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), we are a ‘Data Controller’ of your Personal Data.
9.2. California
Pursuant to California Civil Code §1798.83, California Residents may request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by GameBanana Co. to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes, within the past year.For more information on our Privacy Policy, or to request a copy of your Personal Data, please email tom@machinefloor.com
I thought the update was actually a joke based on that meme thats going around about privacy policies.
URL to post:
nice stuff
URL to post:
good Tom. finally... :)
URL to post:
Yes. Now all the kids beneath the age of 13 can leave. The spam will stop. Sort of.
Funny x 2
Agree x 1
URL to post:
Submitter
Category
Share
Share on Reddit
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
More Rules Wikis
