The following text is extracted and transformed from the dudesnude.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-09. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
dudesnude | privacy policy
In plain english
We aim for the highest standards with respect to your privacy. These are the general rules that govern how we operate:
We don't sell your data or share it with other companies-- your data is used only for the purpose of providing the service you have signed up to receive.
All web site access is encrypted via the secure https protocol (the same as used by banks), and your password is only stored on our servers in encrypted form.
You can delete your profile and data at any time; we don't keep your information indefinitely if you decide to leave the site.
Please read the fine print to understand the full details of our policy and any possible exceptions to the above.
Privacy policy - the fine print
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website users.
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
We use cookies on our website.
Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can control which optional emails you'd like to receive and limit the publication of your information. You can access the privacy controls in 'Settings' via the following URL after logging in to the web site: https://dudesnude.com/edit.php?editpage=3
In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Ponyhof LLC.
How we use your personal data
In this Section 2 we have set out:
the general categories of personal data that we may process;
in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
the legal bases of the processing.
We may process data about your use of our website and services (" usage data "). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, and referral source. The source of the usage data is our analytics system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services, for troubleshooting user problems and maintaining back-ups of our databases. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
We may process your account data (" account data "). The account data includes your email address provided by yourself and information about your use of the website recorded by our administration team. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website (" profile data "). The profile data provided by yourself may include your profile text, profile pictures and videos, date of birth, physical attributes and sexual preferences. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services, enabling your use of the website and maintaining back-ups of our databases. The legal basis for this processing is consent. Insofar as such data can be considered "special category data" under article 9.2 of the EU GDPR, our condition for processing is that processing relates to personal data which are manifestly made public by you choosing to publish said data in your public profile on our website.
We may process your personal data that are provided by you in the course of your use of our services (" service data "). The service data may include messages sent by yourself to other users and information saved by yourself such as other user profiles. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services and maintaining back-ups of our databases. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (" correspondence data "). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of managing risks. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Automated decision-making
We will use your personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making in relation to automatic expiry of your user data.
This automated decision-making will involve the sending of emails warning that disabling or deletion of an inactive profile is scheduled to occur, and the deletion or disabling of the profile if the user does not log in to the website within the specified time.
The significance and possible consequences of this automated decision-making are loss of user data through automatic deletion of an inactive profile.
Providing your personal data to others
We may disclose your personal data to our professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Should ownership of our site transfer to another company in full, we may transfer your data to that company in order to continue to provide you with the service you have signed up to receive under our terms of service and privacy policy.
International transfers of your personal data
In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
The hosting facilities for our website are situated in Canada and the USA. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of Canada. Transfers to the USA will be protected by Privacy Shield, this framework is compliant with EU privacy law under Privacy Directive 1995/46/EC.
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of data you choose to publish in your public profile.
Retaining and deleting personal data
This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
We will retain your personal data as follows:
"correspondence data" will be retained for a maximum period of 1 year.
"usage data" and "profile data" will be retained for a maximum period of 8 weeks following the deletion of the data or your profile by yourself or us.
"account data" will be retained as per (b) above, unless you create a new profile before a previous profile is purged from our system, in which case "account data" from your previous profile may be retained and attached to your new profile.
"service data" will be retained as per (b) above with the exception of messages sent to other members which will be retained on the system until the recipient deletes the message or his profile is deleted by himself or us.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests, the vital interests of another natural person or to ensure the security of our website.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We may notify you of changes to this policy which by our sole discretion are material by email or by a pop up message at login.
Your rights
In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that individuals have under EU data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
the right to access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
consent; or
that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us by email.
Third party websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, other third party websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Credit card payments for our site are handled by a 3rd party payment processor (CCBill) whose privacy policy may be found here.
We link to a 3rd party video store provided by AEBN, whose privacy policy may be found here.
Personal data of children
Our website and services are targeted at persons age 18 and over. If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under age 18 in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies that we use
We use cookies for the following purposes:
session management - we use temporary "session" cookies to maintain your session while you are using our website. cookies used for this purpose are: PHPSESSID, ua_c2
saving your login details - if you use the "remember me on this PC" (site members) or "remember token on this PC" (site visitors) option at login, we use persistent cookies to save your login or token information in your web browser. Cookies used for this purpose are: pw4, token_c.
to improve the website and analyze how the website is used - we use a tool called "Google Analytics" to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use our website which depends on session cookies for its normal operation. You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish—for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Our details
This website is owned and operated by Ponyhof LLC.
You can contact us by email, using the email address published on our "contact" page at the following URL https://dudesnude.com/contact_us.php
Data protection officer
Our data protection officer may be contacted at dn_support5@dudesnude.com.
