The following text is extracted and transformed from the hogcall.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-06-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
HogCall.com -- Your Razorback Sports Information Source
|  |  January 31, 120
ArkansasSports Network:
Home |
Features
Today's Headlines
Message Boards
Recruiting
Fun Stuff
Web Links
Contests
Photo Album
Sports Medicine
About Us
Contact Us
Ad/Sponsor Info
Be a Sportswriter
Employment
Log In
Preferences
Help Me!
Register
|  |
Privacy Statement
The ArkansasSports.com Network is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders, provide a personalized services, and to use in demographic analysis. We will not sell, trade, rent, disclose, or make available personally identifiable information about you to any third party without first receiving your permission. We may share non-personal, aggregate statistical information regarding our visitors, customers, sales, traffic patterns, and site usage with our partners.
We provide links to a number of other sites that we believe can offer you useful information and services. However, we are not responsible for the privacy policies of or any actions of any third parties that control the activities of such third-party sites. We suggest contacting the relevant parties controlling these sites or accessing their online policies for the relevant information about their data collection.
When you register with ArkansasSports.com, you have the option to receive or not to receive email notices with information, that we think you will find useful. On occasion these mailings may include communications on behalf of third-party companies who offer products and services we think would be of value to you. If you decide later that you would like to change your option, you may do that through the ArkansasSports.com site.
By using the ArkansasSports.com site, you consent to the collection and use of this information. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. ArkansasSports.com reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter or update these policies, and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations, or updates.
|
