The following text is extracted and transformed from the jospt.org privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy and Security Policies - JOSPT – Journal of Orthopaedic & Sports Physical Therapy
At the Journal of Orthopaedic & Sports Physical Therapy, we want you to enjoy and benefit from www.jospt.org with the knowledge and comfort that we have taken steps to implement fair information practices designed to protect your privacy. The following explains what information we collect about you and how we use it.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that allow us to track our  visitors' interaction with the website. Rather than identifying you personally, cookies identify the computer you use to access the site. JOSPT 's website uses session cookies. These files are generated whenever you access the site and they are terminated once you leave the site. JOSPT 's website does not use persistent cookies, which have to be deleted manually. If for any reason you don't want your information collected using cookies, you should have the option to disable the cookie function through your Internet browser. However, if you disable cookies, some areas of the site may not work as designed.
Data Collection
JOSPT 's website does not collect names, email addresses, or any other personal information unless you provide it voluntarily. We will inform you when the website requires personal information, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, and/or other identifying information. The JOSPT will not distribute this information to third parties.
Data you submit will be used for the express purpose described at the point of collection in JOSPT' s database and for statistical purposes to analyze how visitors use this website. The JOSPT will protect the information provided. The Journal does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer personal information to third parties without your express permission, or unless we are legally required to do so. When we share demographic data with third parties, such as advertisers, only aggregate information is provided.
Email
The JOSPT will make every attempt to protect any personal information submitted to us electronically. However, electronic email is not secure against interception. Any sensitive information submitted to the site is provided at the risk of the sender. If you are concerned that the content of your communication is especially sensitive, you should consider sending it by postal mail instead.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is subject to change and applies only to information on JOSPT 's website, and not to outside sites to which the Journal provides links. By using JOSPT 's site, you indicate your agreement to the terms of our privacy policy.
Security
The JOSPT incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy, and privacy of the personal information we collect. The Journal has put in place precautions to protect your information from loss, misuse, and alteration. Only those JOSPT employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our intent is to honor or exceed any and all U.S. legal requirements for information privacy.
