The following text is extracted and transformed from the data.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-04. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement Highlights - Salesforce.com
Salesforce.com Privacy Notice – Full Privacy Statement Highlights
Important Information
Salesforce.com’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about the Company’s Web site privacy practices.
Salesforce.com is a certified licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Seal. The Company is also a certified licensee of the TRUSTe EU Safe Harbor Seal and abides by the EU Safe Harbor Framework.
Information Collected
When you request additional information or register on salesforce.com’s Web site, the Company will ask you to provide basic contact information.
When you purchase salesforce.com’s applications or services (the “Services”), the Company will ask you to provide billing information.
Salesforce.com uses common Internet technologies, such as cookies and Web beacons, to keep track of interactions with the Company's Web sites and emails.
For more information about salesforce.com’s information collection practices, please click here.
Use of Information
Salesforce.com uses information collected to provide you with the services you request.
Salesforce.com may use information collected to provide you with additional information about the Company’s Services, partners, promotions, and events.
Salesforce.com may use information collected to improve the Company’s Web sites and Services.
Salesforce.com does not share, sell, rent, or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes. Salesforce.com may share information collected with other companies that work on Salesforce.com’s behalf.
For more information about salesforce.com’s use of information collected, please click here.
Customer Data
Customers of salesforce.com may electronically submit data or information to the Company’s services (“Customer Data”).
Salesforce.com will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Customer Data except as provided in the salesforce.com Master Subscription Agreement, or as may be required by law. In accordance with the salesforce.com Master Subscription Agreement, salesforce.com may access Customer Data only for the purposes of providing the services, preventing or addressing service or technical problems, at a Customer’s request in connection with customer support matters, or as may be required by law.
Communications Preferences
Every marketing email from salesforce.com contains instructions on how to opt out of receiving further marketing emails from the Company.
If you provide salesforce.com with contact information, you may choose how the Company uses your information by clicking here.
For more information about managing communications you receive from salesforce.com and instructions for updating information provided when registering for the Company’s services, please click here.
How to Contact Us
For more information about salesforce.com’s information practices, please view the Company’s full Privacy Statement. Questions regarding salesforce.com’s Privacy Statement or information practices should be directed here or by mail:
Salesforce.com Privacy
The Landmark @ One Market Street, Suite 300
San Francisco, CA 94105
If salesforce.com does not adequately respond, please click here to contact TRUSTe. TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with salesforce.com.
