The following text is extracted and transformed from the dates4single.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-10-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Dates4single.com
The kind of information we Collect
Dates4Single.com gathers information when one visit dates4single.com and enter information either by filling in forms, registering to be a member or when making a payment or on occasion if we have third parties offering promotions items and they would like you to provide for information in order for you to participate.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. This can only happen if you have enable cookies in your browsing machine.
How we use information gathered information
Information collected from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from visitors or our members
Note: Your financial information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional  news, updates, related product or service information as they may become available at lucyannendungu.com.
When do dates4single.com site disclose your information to third parties
dates4single.com may disclose information to those who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. When filling out contact form or request for a quote form , we may share your information with our trusted partners if we cannot assist you with your project. if you do not wish us to share your personal information with any third part indicate that when filling in any form on this site.
Third Party Links
Sometimes dates4single.com website may include third parties links. We advice our visitors and members to read their privacy policy and terms and condition for use. This third party sites that we might link to have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Online Privacy Policy
This online privacy policy of dates4single.com applies only to information collected through our website when one is online not offline.
Your Consent
By using dates4single.com website, indicates that you have agreed to dates4single.com website's privacy policy and terms and condition for use.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
dates4single.com have the right to change the privacy policy at any time . Anytime we change our Privacy Policy we will make it available to the public under  the website menue Privacy Policy
Online Help
Any inquiries regard our online policy and in case one need any assistance one can contact lucyannendungu.com  through the following address:
Email:   info@dates4single.com
Call: 770-289-8012
