The following text is extracted and transformed from the careertimes.com.hk privacy policy that was archived on 2012-04-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy policy – CareerTimes.com.hk, CTgoodjobs.hk
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION STATEMENTS AND PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENTS
_(A) Policy _
To facilitate the Career Times Online Services ("Service"), it may be necessary for you to provide us with your personal data. Failure to supply such personal data may result in our company being unable to provide the Service to you. The Policy set out hereunder regarding the use of personal data ("Information") is applicable to the Service provided and maintained by Career Times Online Limited ("Company").
You hereby agree that any Information supplied by you to the Company is on a voluntary basis, and is accurate, true, current and complete. If this is not the case or the Company has reasonable grounds to suspect as such, the Company has the right to cancel and/or refuse the Service to you.
(B) Collection of Personal Data
The Company collects the Information during: -
contest or sweepstakes registration;
membership or subscription registration;
resume compilation for member's own use.
Information supplied by you to the Company and/or collected by the Company may include but is not limited to the following: -
name;
date of birth;
gender;
occupation;
educational level;
service and postal addresses;
telephone or pager or mobile phone or fax number;
identity reference;
other data in connection with the operations of the Service by Company.
The Company will strive to maintain Information as accurately as possible and only for as long as it is required.
(C) Purposes
You understand that any and all Information you provide to the Company will be collected and may be used for the purposes of : -
conducting surveys;
marketing and promotions;
collecting data for identity ratification and records;
handling and following up service calls, enquiries and complaints;
maintaining contact lists for correspondence;
meeting any legal, governmental or regulatory requirements in Hong Kong or any other applicable jurisdiction, including disclosure or notification requirements;
providing information for internal use, including chat or bulletin boards, editorial and feedback purposes; and
carrying out the user's instructions, responding to enquiries by that user or made on his/her behalf and providing users with the Services.
Information submitted by the jobseekers will be used for the jobseekers to find appropriate employment with the employers and/or advertisers registered with the Company.
In some instances, you may also be requested to enter certain data which may be used to better tailor the type of information presented to you. In most cases, this type of data is optional although, where the requested service is a highly personalised service, failure to provide the requested data may prevent us from providing such a service to you.
(D) Use of Information for Direct Marketing
If you do not wish your personal data be used for direct marketing by the Company, you may make such request to the Company in writing or by e-mail.
(E) Transfer of Information
You are aware, agree and authorize that all Information will be retained by and stored in one or more databases of the Company and will be provided to, disclosed to, accessed by and transferred to : -
any person or bodies corporate or division within the Company and/or the Company group of companies;
any person or bodies corporate under a duty of confidentiality to the Company;
employees of the Company;
any contractors, agents, other persons or bodies corporate engaged by the Company for or in relation to any of the purposes listed above or any third-party service providers who provide administrative, telecommunications, computer, payments, securities clearing, insurance, professional or other services to the Company;
any person by whom the Company is required by applicable legal, governmental or regulatory requirements to make disclosure; or
any other person reasonably requiring the same in order for the Company to provide the Service and to carry out the purposes set out herein.
You agree that the Company may release your information when such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with applicable law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any user agreements, (iii) protect the rights, property or interest of the Company or its users or (iv) comply with the Company's Privacy Policy Statement.
In the event the Company plans to publicly post any such information on a site, members are provided prior notification of such a posting. Resume information of individual member will not be presented or transmitted to any party without consent of the member, and the same will not be publicity posted if consent of the members is not obtained.
(F) Cookies
Cookies are items of information that a web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes while at the site. Cookies make Web-surfing easier by, among other things, saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences for you. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you'll find cookies at most major web sites.
Cookies help make the Company better, by showing how and when guests use the site. Many content improvements and updates are based on data such as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies.
Here are some examples of how the Company uses cookies:
A cookie lets the Service remember that you've registered, which allows us to speed up your future activities at our sites. Similarly, if there are any stores within the Service, a temporary cookie tracks which products you've selected while shopping. The cookie expires once you've finished shopping. Letting it do the record-keeping saves you the trouble of entering information over and over again during a single visit. If you don't use this cookie, you may have difficulty ordering your selections.
The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information although it may enable the Company to relate a user's use of the Service to personally identifying information that has previously been submitted by the user, if any.
You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers. These cookies are sent from third-party computers and are subject to such third parties' policies.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you do not want the above information to be disclosed, you should set yours to refuse cookies. However, it is likely that most areas of the site will not function properly if you do so.
(G) Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance __
The Company will apply and follow the laws and principles of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, Cap.486 of the Laws of Hong Kong ("the Ordinance"). The Company's staff and any relevant person under a duty of confidentiality to the Company shall maintain a strict confidentiality policy on all Information collected from the Service.
Under the Ordinance, you have the right to: -
check whether the Company holds any Information about you;
have access to Information about you held by the Company;
request correction of such Information;
ascertain our policies and practices (from time to time) in relation to the Information and the types of Information held by us;
disallow access to or use of Information about you by the Company;
be informed of action taken in response to your request for correction of the Information held by us.
In accordance with the terms of the Ordinance, the Company has the right to charge a reasonable fee in relation to the time and attendance involved in complying with your request in this regard.
(H) Access and Correction of Information
Any request for access or correction can be made by yourself on the web site (subject to prior confirmation of identity) or by sending the request in writing to the following address: -
[Personal Data Officer]
Career Times Online Limited
8/F Kodak House II
321 Java Road
Hong Kong.
Fax No. : (852) 2156 0333
E-mail Address : info@careertimes.com.hk
THE COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THIS POLICY AT ANY TIME BY NOTIFYING MEMBERS, THROUGH A NOTICE POSTED ON THE SERVICE OR BY EMAIL, OF THE EXISTENCE OF A NEW PRIVACY POLICY OR ANY UPDATES.
N.B.
ATTENTION KIDS: IF YOU ARE 16 OR UNDER, YOU MUST GET PERMISSION FROM A RESPONSIBLE ADULT BEFORE YOU DO ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE.
SEND ANY INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF OR OTHERS
ENTER ANY CONTEST, GAME OR SWEEPSTAKES
IF YOU GET PERMISSION FROM A RESPONSIBLE ADULT TO SUBMIT YOUR NAME TO BE PUBLICLY POSTED ON THE SERVICE, YOU SHOULD NEVER USE YOUR FULL NAME. JUST SUBMIT YOUR FIRST NAME OR INITIALS.
