The following text is extracted and transformed from the tvgoals.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-05. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Earn Doing | Helping You Earn The Most
Last Updated - 08/01/2014
1) Collecting Information
We may collect personal information from you when:
You register to join Earn Doing.
You contact Earn Doing for help or support.
From third party websites where your information is publicly displayed.
2) How we use your Data
We will only use your personal data for the following reasons:
To identify who you are
To identify what products or services you have with Earn Doing.
To monitor your accounts for fraud with affiliate networks and fraud agencies.
To contact you about any changes to your account on Earn Doing
To contact you about promotions and special events at Earn Doing.
To helps us carry out market analysis and customer profiling
We will not disclose or sell your personal information to third parties except for the reasons below:
If ourselves or Earn Doing is being sold or acquired by another company or person
If we have been asked to provide your information by legal professionals through court orders and legal proceedings
To third party organizations which require the information to process any services on Earn Doing. This includes sending Amazon your email address to issue gift cards, Using PayPal to pay you or when a affiliate network requires your information as part as the offer crediting process.
We activity monitor this site for fraud and if we suspect you of committing fraud we will share your details with the relevant authorities and also other Get Paid To sites and affiliate networks.
3) Email Policy
Earn Doing gives you the option of opting in or out of emails sent from our site. All emails we send are sent unsecured and we will never send any personal information via email to anyone else one the site except in the circumstances listed above.
4) Other Information
Earn Doing reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. We will however inform you of any changes to the Privacy Policy.
