The following text is extracted and transformed from the grabone.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-07. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy – GrabOne
GrabOne Privacy Policy
By accepting this policy, as updated on November 9th 2015, and have agreed to have your data and personal information (excluding financial information) transferred to Independent New and Media PLC. Not accepting this policy will result in your information been securely deleted by December 31st, 2015.
Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. As the Internet offers the ability to collect certain types of information about users, we want you to understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of any information we gather. To that end, this privacy policy discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.
Collection of Information back to top
We gather various information about customers and users of the GrabOne website (the Website).
This information includes:
personal information, provided through voluntary registration or use of the Website (such as your first and last names and email);
personal information, provided to us by you for any purchase through the Website (such as credit card number, expiration date and authentication codes or related information);
personal information, provided to us by you through any other method (including without limitation correspondence and discussions);
information collected by us through click tracking in relation to your use of the Website, including the content you upload and the content you access; and
aggregated data, which tracks traffic to the Website; and cookies, which are pieces of information transferred to your computer hard drive for record keeping (such as your preferences on our Website).
Failure to provide necessary personal information when requested may result in certain functions of the Website not being available to you.
Use of Information back to top
If you participate in an online activity on the Website, your personal information will only be used for the purposes of that online activity, unless you otherwise provide us with your consent.
Any personal information you provide may be used for the following purposes:
to send you periodic emails that you have subscribed to through your nominated email address;
to obtain feedback on a Deal you have participated in;
to contact you as part of the transaction process when entering into a Deal
verification of your identity as a Member of the Website;
to monitor, develop and improve the Website and ensure that content of the Website is presented in the most effective manner for the user;
to keep the Website relevant and of interest to users;
to investigate any complaints relating to the misuse of the Website or misconduct in relation to the Discussion Board;
responding to any queries and/or comments you have sent to us; and
such other use that you authorise.
You will have the option to choose to not receive certain types of email communications from us, except for those that are absolutely necessary to provide you with details of any purchases you have made. Emails will always contain a link at the bottom to be removed from our mailing list or you can unsubscribe via your account page.
When making an order we also request credit card or other payment account information which are maintained in encrypted form on secure servers. We do not share this information with any third party except for those companies responsible for processing credit card transactions for us.
Disclosure of Information back to top
We will only share personal information with other companies or individuals in the following limited circumstances:
to provide the merchant and third party logistics provider with contact and delivery address details for the purpose of delivering your consignment to your chosen address and processing payment.
where we have your consent, such as by opting-in to receive communications from third party Merchants in the process of entering into Deals.
Cookies and Tracking back to top
What Are Cookies?
These cookies are unfortunately not delicious little morsels of biscuity goodness, instead we use cookies to provide you with the best possible user experience. A cookie is a small, simple text file which is stored by your web browser (e.g. Google Chrome) on your computer or mobile device. Cookies allow us to tailor GrabOne to you as an individual and helps you to find the GrabOne deals that are most relevant to you. That makes the site faster and easier to use. And remember, cookies aren’t like James Bond. They don’t spy on you or sell your data on to the highest bidder. This website uses cookies, and by continuing to use GrabOne we assume you agree to their use.
What Do We Use Cookies For?
We may use a cookie file containing information that can identify the computer you are working from. The cookie file is anonymous as it only gives us details of your IP address, PC platform (e.g. Windows or Mac), web browser and domain (whether you are accessing the Website from within the country or elsewhere). We may use the information generated by cookies to:
track traffic patterns to and from the Website including information like the pages you visit, the time you spend on each page, the date and time of your visit, and referring pages (pages you came from or go to);
ensure advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person and limit the frequency of display for certain ad formats; and
enable you to enter our Website and use certain services as a Member without having to log on each time and to visit Member-restricted areas of the Website.
use Google Remarketing in combination with Google Analytics to advertise online (third-party vendors, including Google, show our advertisements on sites across the Internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimise, and serve advertisements based on someone’s past visits to our Website. Visitors to our Website can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise Google Display Network advertisements using the Ads Preferences Manager.
Cookies We Use
Domain| Purpose| Cookie Names
---|---|---
GrabOne| Site Management| sid, lssid, gatekeeper_, go_visited, is-mobile, default-area-slug, fbsr_
GrabOne| Web analytics| gocount, gocount_
Facebook| Social Media Sharing and GrabOne login via Facebook Connect| datr, reg_fb_gate, Reg_fb_ref
Google| Web analytics| NID, _UTMA, _UT, _UTMC, _UTMC, _UTMV
Twitter| Social Media Sharing| guest_id, pid
ChartBeat| Web analytics| _chartbeat2
Disabling Cookies
You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to browse the Website, however cookies must be enabled in order to login or make a purchase. If your cookies are turned off we will not have any control over the frequency of display of certain ad formats. This could affect your experience of the Website. Visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for a comprehensive guide on how to control and delete cookies on a wide range of web browsers and operating systems.
Content Providers, Advertisers and Partners back to top
We do not control the practices of content providers, partners and advertisers connected with the Website and to whom you provide personal information whilst using the Website. Our Website contains links to other sites, which may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party.
Security back to top
As no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or receive through the Website. These activities are conducted at your own risk.
Changes to Policy back to top
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a revised policy by updating the "last updated" date at the bottom of this page. By continuing to use the Website, you agree to be abound by the amended policy. You should check from time to time to see if the policy has changed or not.
Holding, Correcting and Updating back to top
Any personal information that you provide to us will be collected and held by us at GrabOne (Ireland) Ltd.  Under the Data Protection Acts you have rights of access to and correction of personal information that we hold.
Although we take reasonable steps to ensure that all data we use is accurate, we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary. We offer the ability for users to correct or change their personal information online at any time and as often as necessary.
If you have any questions about how our services work or regarding this statement, Contact Us.
For information about Ireland’s Data Protection Acts 1988 – 2003 and how they protect the personal information of individuals in the Republic of Ireland, click here.
Last updated: Nov 9, 2015
