The following text is extracted and transformed from the grandhotelcasino.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Security : Grand Hotel Casino Privacy Policy
HOME »  Privacy Policy
Collection of Personal Details
Details that may be collected and held for processing include:
Information that identifies you, such as your name, address, date of birth and gender;
Your email address;
Your telephone number
Processing of Personal Details
Any personal data received in regards to an account holder and/or registrant is:
Processed in accordance with the rights of the Account Holder concerned
Obtained only for a specific and lawful purpose
Kept in a secure manner
Is utilised for marketing purposes based on the opt-out principle
Disclosure of Information
Grand Hotel Casino will instruct and authorize the credit financial institution by which an Account Holder's account is held to disclose any information as may be requested by any Governing Authority in respect of an Account Holder's account.
Grand Hotel Casino will disclose personal data when ordered to do so by any Governing Authority and/or under any legal provision contained in the Governing Law. For fraud detection and control purposes the Player agrees that Grand Hotel Casino has the right to transfer your personal data to third parties, including so-called AVS service providers and other partners.
Furthermore, Grand Hotel Casino reserves the right to disclose personal data to relevant recipients where Grand Hotel Casino has reasonable grounds to suspect irregularities that involve the Player's Casino Account.
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Marketing Materials
Grand Hotel Casino reserves the right to process personal data for CRM purposes. Players can unsubscribe from promotional material sent electronically at any time by contacting The Casino Support Centre.
Correction of Incorrect Account Information
The Account Holder has the right to access the Account Holder's own personal data and/or has the right to correct and/or erase wrong and/or inappropriate data.
Cookies / ActiveX
Grand Hotel Casino website works by using cookies and Active X components for (but is not limited to) the following purposes:
To identify the Account Holder's preferred language so it is automatically selected when the Account Holder returns to Grand Hotel Casino;
For analysis of the Grand Hotel Casino website traffic so as to allow us to make suitable improvements.
The operation of the games (such as the flash casino)
Grand Hotel Casino guarantees:
Not to sell, give away, or otherwise communicate your personal or corporate information to any other persons or companies.
To use your personal data to provide you with information or materials only if you requested it.
The Casino Rewards Group does not endorse spam. Only registered real or guest players that have chosen to click on the "Opt In" button on campaigns or who have entered their email address on a giveaway competition are placed on our email lists.
If you would like to unsubscribe from our mailing list please contact The Casino Support Centre.
A Note To International Users: Please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to, processed and stored in overseas locations. The data protection laws may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the respective countries. By using our services or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in overseas locations.
