The following text is extracted and transformed from the grandprix.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-22. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Formula 1® Australian Grand Prix
AUSTRALIAN GRAND PRIX CORPORATION
PRIVACY POLICY
Background
The Australian Grand Prix Corporation ( AGPC ) was established in 1994 under the Australian Grand Prix Act 1994 (Vic) ( AGP Act ).
The primary objectives of AGPC are:
to facilitate the holding of an annual Formula One Grand Prix at Albert Park; and
to facilitate the holding of Australian Motorcycle Grand Prix at Phillip Island Grand Prix circuit ( AGPC Events ).
AGPC is bound by the:
Victorian  Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014  (Vic) ( PDPA ) which replaces the Information Privacy Principles contained in the Information Privacy Act 2000 (Vic);
Spam Act 2003 (Cth) ( Spam Act ), which regulates the sending of commercial electronic messages such as by email or SMS;
Do Not Call Register Act 2006 (Cth), which regulates phone calls; and
Health Records Act 2001 (Vic), which regulates health-related information.
The PDPA contains information privacy protections, embodied in ten Information Privacy Principles ( IPPs ) set out in Schedule 1 of the PDPA. The IPPs govern the collection, use and handling of personal information by Victorian public sector organisations, local councils and contracted service providers.
Privacy Policy
AGPC respects the privacy of the personal information it collects and is committed to its protection.
AGPC collects personal information in order to carry out its functions and exercise its powers under the AGP Act.  Section 21 of the AGP Act states that AGPC may carry on advertising and promotional activities and may do all other things necessary or convenient to be done for or, in connection with, or as incidental to, the performance of its functions.
This Policy describes the manner in which AGPC may collect, hold and use personal information.
By providing your personnel information to AGPC, you consent to its use, storage and disclosure in accordance with this Policy.
This Policy may be reviewed from time to time to adapt to changing business practices, take account of new laws and technology.
The use, storage and disclosure of all personal information held by AGPC will be governed by the most current version of this Policy, posted on the www.grandprix.com.au and www.motogp.com.au website or can be obtained by contacting the AGPC Privacy Officer.
Personal Information
AGPC collects personal information where it is necessary for AGPC to undertake its functions.
‘Personal information’ means information or an opinion, whether true or not, about an identified individual (or an individual who is reasonably identifiable) that is recorded in a material form or otherwise. For example, AGPC collects and holds names, addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, other contact details such as social media handles, occupations and other useful information such as clickstream and spending data.  Occasionally, AGPC may collect and record sensitive information like membership of a professional or trade association.
Collection
AGPC will collect personal information that is necessary for its function and activities, this includes the conduct and administration of its business functions and to market and provide its products and services.
Generally, AGPC will collect personal information directly from you and through a number of mediums. By way of example, personal information can be collected:
when you provide your personal information, or agree to your personal information being provided via one of AGPC’s websites, including without limitation www.grandprix.com.au and www.motogp.com.au, or a website managed by AGPC (Websites).
when you enter your personal information, or agree to your personal information being entered into one of AGPC’s online IT systems
when you email AGPC or contact AGPC by telephone or mail;
when you engage with AGPC via social media;
when you elect to receive motor racing related newsletters or other information;
when you enter a competition that is being conducted by, or on behalf of AGPC;
when you purchase tickets to a AGPC Event from AGPC or an authorised agent or licensee;
when you purchase merchandise from AGPC or an authorised agent or licensee;
when you purchase other products or services from AGPC or an authorised agent or licensee; and/or
when you provide AGPC with information in an application or consent form, survey, feedback form or incident report.
AGPC may collect personal information regarding a child from the parent or other ‘responsible person’ associated with that child. At times AGPC may collect personal information regarding an adult from another ‘responsible person’ associated with that adult.
AGPC may also collect and use personal information that is given to it by a third party in the course of its business, if that collection is reasonably necessary for AGPC’s or the third party’s legitimate functions or activities. Examples of such third parties could include, without limitation, Confederation of Australian Motorsport, Federation Internationale de l'Automobile, Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme, Formula One Management, Dorna, Motorcycle Australia or Law enforcement bodies.
AGPC may, at times, collect information from publically maintained records, if that collection is reasonably necessary for AGPC’s legitimate functions or activities.
AGPC collects personal information in a number of ways, including from:
individuals directly, for example by phone, email, in meetings, correspondence, or application forms;
third parties such as credit reporting agencies;
publicly available sources of information;
service-providers to AGPC (such as Foxtix, the Grand Prix Travel Office, AGPC on-sellers, promotions companies); and
AGPC’s own records.
Web Site
AGPC collects personal information from its web sites (www.grandprix.com.au and www.motogp.com.au) through subscription. These web sites will, from time to time, contain links to other web sites.  AGPC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites.
The Web Sites use Google Analytics, a tool provided by Google which allows AGPC to internally analyze visitor traffic and monitor site navigation, by transmitting website traffic data to servers located in the United States. Google Analytics gathers aggregate anonymous data, without identifying associations between IP addresses and the users’ preferences, in order to ultimately improve the user experience. By using the Web Site(s), you are consenting to Google processing the data collected through the Web Site(s) in accordance with the Google privacy policy for the purposes stated. You may choose to opt-out of Google Analytics by changing your computer settings accordingly.
AGPC employs a standard technology called cookies on its Web Sites. A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer and enables a website to remember your preferences, navigation and actions whilst you are using the Web Site(s) (Cookie). Cookies are used by the majority of web sites and are utilized in order to gather information that will allow AGPC to optimize the overall user experience and fulfil its functions.
There are various types of Cookies that are used to satisfy different objectives. For its purposes, AGPC may use either a “session” Cookie which is active only for the duration of your visit on the Web Site(s) or a “persistent” Cookie which operates for repeat visits on the Web Site(s). The information gathered by a Cookie is not directly attributed to you and does not access information that is already stored on your computer or files.
The information gathered by the Cookies on the Web Sites may be used by AGPC and reputable third party service providers, advertisers and/or our partners to assist in the delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements through the placement of web beacons on third party web sites.
Use and Disclosure
AGPC may use and disclose personal information for a number of reasons, and You acknowledge that such purposes may include, without limitation:
operate and manage the AGPC Events;
conduct AGPC business, including for marketing and research purposes;
provide services (including charging, billing and collecting debts);
promote AGPC trade promotions;
to manage your relationship with AGPC;
seek feedback on how AGPC services could be improved;
contact patrons during an AGPC Event to notify them of program changes and other important information;
maintain and develop AGPC business systems and infrastructure (including testing and upgrading of these systems);
direct marketing;
research and develop AGPC services;
to verify your identity and reduce the likelihood of duplications in IT Systems and Websites;
to complete and retain background checks;
manage safety and security;
to assist law enforcement bodies, when considered necessary or appropriate;
to disclose to AGPC’s professional advisors, including accountants, auditors and lawyers, or insurers or insurance brokers, when considered necessary or appropriate;
investigate suspected unlawful activity; and
comply with AGPC’s legal obligations.
In circumstances where AGPC provides factual (and not commercial) electronic messages, or comes within any other exception to the requirements of the Spam Act, it will identify itself as the sender of the message and will provide its contact details.
Where permitted by AGPC, personal information may be made available to third party corporate partners, licensees, sponsors, suppliers and broadcasters who have a relationship with AGPC (and who may, at times be outside Australia), to market and promote their products and services to you where you have consented to receive such communications or would reasonably expect to receive such communications, and have not requested not to receive such communications.
AGPC may disclose your personal information to:
companies or individuals who assist AGPC in providing services or who perform functions on AGPC’s behalf (such as mailing houses) and organisations that carry out research activities;
relevant authorities where:
there are grounds to believe that disclosure is required in order to prevent a threat to health or life;
AGPC suspects that unlawful activity is or has been engaged in and such personal information needs to be passed on to investigate the activity; or
the disclosure is authorised by law or reasonably necessary to enforce the law;
anyone else to whom you authorise AGPC to disclose it; and/or
any one of those organisations or persons outlined in paragraph 19 above.
Management
AGPC takes reasonable steps to protect the security of personal information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure, for example by use of physical security and restricted access to electronic records.
AGPC staff are required to respect the confidentiality of personal information and the privacy of individuals.
AGPC will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your personal information when AGPC deems that it is no longer needed.
Enquiries
AGPC undertake using personal information in relation to products, including targeted online advertisements, services, AGPC Event tickets, merchandise and special offers made available by AGPC, respective corporate partners, licensees, sponsors, suppliers and broadcasters (who may, at times be outside Australia), where you have consented to receive such communications or would reasonably expect to receive such communications, and have not requested not to receive such communications. You will be able to opt-out of direct marketing at any time if you so choose, by utilizing the unsubscribe feature on electronic marketing communications, or in the case of other direct marketing materials contacting AGPC in accordance with this Policy.
AGPC endeavours to ensure that the personal information it holds is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You can contact AGPC in order to access or update any personal information held about you. AGPC’s contact details are set out below.   You may seek access to personal information which AGPC holds about you (subject to the limitations imposed by the PDPA) by contacting AGPC's Privacy Officer.
AGPC will require you to verify your identity and to specify what information you require. A fee may be charged for providing access and you will be advised of the likely cost in advance.
If you have any questions about privacy-related issues please contact AGPC’s Privacy Officer:
Phone: (03) 9258 7100
Facsimile: (03) 9699 3727
Address: AGPC Privacy Officer
Australian Grand Prix Corporation
PO Box 577
SOUTH MELBOURNE VIC 3205
Email: privacy@grandprix.com.au
Version 16.1
Reviewed 2 November 2016
Daniel Ricciardo: It’s a strong result
Daniel Ricciardo has secured his first points in Renault colours, finishing P7 at the historic 1000th F1® race at the Chinese Grand Prix. The...
Read More
Vettel contending with Leclerc as rival Hamilton races clear
Having won five consecutive Formula One constructors' championships and then kept their team together for the 2019 season, it should perhaps come as...
Read More
Ferrari boss: Leclerc has a right to be upset
Ferrari team principle Mattia Binotto accepts Charles Leclerc would have the "right to be upset" after being ordered to let team-mate Sebastian...
Read More
Hamilton and Bottas agree start was key
Mercedes team-mates Lewis Hamilton and Valtteri Bottas agreed the start was key to deciding the winner of the Chinese Grand Prix. Bottas qualified on...
Read More
扫码或者在微信里搜索“ f1autraliangp” ，即可关注F1澳大利亚大奖赛官方微信号
Follow F1 Australia Grand Prix WeChat official account by scanning
the QR code or search ID f1autraliangp in WeChat.
