The following text is extracted and transformed from the e-xact.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-30. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
E-xact Transactions - Privacy Policy
E-xact Transactions Privacy Policy
E-xact Transactions Ltd. ("E-xact") is committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personal information in accordance with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA).
We may collect and use personal information from you and about you for the following purposes:
To determine your needs.
To evaluate the suitability of our products and services for you.
To adjudicate your eligibility for our products and services.
To protect you or your company against error or fraud.
To provide you with ongoing service.
To meet our legal and regulatory requirements.
E-xact is accountable for maintaining and protecting the personal information provided. The personal information collected will be limited to those details necessary for the purposes identified by E-xact.
E-xact does not sell your information to third parties. We do not disclose your information to anyone (except where we are required or permitted to do so by law or when a regulator under whose jurisdiction we operate requests the information).
Only authorized personnel have access to your information. Additionally, each employee is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of all personal information to which they have access. Information is kept only as long as required by applicable rules and regulations.
The type of information we usually collect and maintain in your customer file may include your:
Name/Business Name
E-mail Address
Fax Number
Bank Account Information | Title
Web Address
Business Activity | Mailing Address
Telephone Number
Industry Type
---|---|---
Every effort will be made to maintain the information in as accurate, complete, and up-to-date form as possible to achieve the purposes for which it is to be used.
Customers will be able to verify the accuracy and completeness of their personal information and may request that it be amended, if appropriate.
