The following text is extracted and transformed from the energyfiend.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-08-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Types of Information Collected
Comment data – Disqus
Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of this site.
Disqus is a content commenting service provided by Big Heads Labs Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt out.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics on our site. This allows us to see how many visits we get each day, and which pages are the most popular. It’s a useful tool for making a better site. We’ve switched off all the extra settings in Analytics that measure demographic or remarketing information, and other personal information. In other words, we track the minimum.
Google uses cookies to identify your browser.  See more about Analytics and privacy here, or get the browser opt-out plugin here, if you do not want Google Analytics to run in your browser.
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Website, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Website. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Freestar Inc
Freestar is an advertising service. Please consult the privacy policy of Freestar .
Google Ad Manager (Google Inc.)
Google Ad Manager is an advertising service provided by Google LLC that allows the Owner to run advertising campaigns in conjunction with external advertising networks that the Owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct relationship with. In order to opt out from being tracked by various advertising networks, Users may make use of Youronlinechoices. In order to understand Google’s use of data, consult Google’s policy on ad management here.
This service uses the “DoubleClick” Cookie, which tracks use of this Website and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.   Users may decide to disable all the DoubleClick Cookies by clicking on: www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout?hl=en.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Amazon Affiliation
CaffeineInformer.com is a participant in the Amazon associates program and earns a commission for qualifying purchases.
