The following text is extracted and transformed from the bridges.hk privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-08. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Bridges Business and Conference Centre > Site Terms and Privacy
BRIDGES EXECUTIVE CENTRE LIMITED ('BRIDGES') values all personal information provided by our guests, and thus we take great care in protecting your information. Through the privacy policy statement, BRIDGES notifies our guests on how and for what reason personal information is used and how personal information is protected:
Collection and Use of Your Personal Data
We only collect personal data that we believe to be relevant and required to understand your needs and provide you with better services, and to conduct our business. Your personal data may be used for sending you details of services or information which we believe may be of interest to you.
Direct Marketing
As you will have noted above, we may use your personal data to send you marketing materials. If you do not want to receive such materials, please send an email stating this to marketing@bridges.hk.
Retention of Your Personal Data
We purpose to keep your personal data on our records accurate and up-to-date, and we maintain data security measures designed to prevent unauthorized access to your personal data.
Disclosure
Your personal data will generally be kept confidential and will not be disclosed to any other person without your consent. However, your data will be used (and disclosed) to third parties for the purposes for which they were collected. Your personal data may also be disclosed where we are required to do so by law.
By using or browsing this Site and any of its pages, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to the terms set out above. In case of discrepancies between the English and Chinese versions, the English version shall prevail.
Your reliable receptionists and value-added services give me confidence that I will grow business here.
Intellectual Resources
For as little as 1 day or as much as 1 year, we offer contemporary serviced offices for you to access instantly.
Without the cost of a physical suite, you can run your office virtually everywhere while having a premier image.
Our imperial meeting and conference rooms are sure to render professionalism to your business event.
Please visit our premier sites to see how they can cater your needs.
﻿
