The following text is extracted and transformed from the hitb.org privacy policy that was archived on 2008-09-17. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Hack In The Box :: Keeping Knowledge Free
Top Stories for Today
[305] How to Not Get an IT Job: 10 Tips
[168] Ten fixes for Vista's worst features
[165] A look at G.ho.st, a web-based OS
[146] Keyloggers beaten by new crypto utility
[131] Apple finding it difficult to crack Japanese cell phone market
[130] New Gmail tool keeps you from making a fool of yourself
[129] Ars puts Spore DRM to the test—with a surprising result
[126] Network penetration testing heats up
[120] T-Mobile sets stage for Android, iPhone showdown next week
[120] Internet Explorer: Eight Times a Charm
[117] Smoke, mirrors and Google's privacy policies
[117] Next-gen MacBook shipments begin ahead of 'sharp ramp'
[116] HP announces 24,600 layoffs in wake of EDS acquisition
[115] We lack laws against internet porno says Malawi DPP
[115] NSA Offers Security Advice For Macs
[111] Dell takes a beating over IT cut warning
[111] McAfee Names Most Dangerous Celebrities
[109] When a widget attacks your profile
[106] Google’s Chrome browser has Vista roots
[103] Apple update finally fixes important DNS bug
[103] Fake antivirus attacks rise
[102] A look at Trusted Execution Technology
[100] New York offers RFID-embedded driver's licenses
[98] Can computer games make your kid a better citizen?
[95] Lost Cell Phones Piling Up in NYC Cabs
[74] At Adobe's request, hackers nix 'clickjacking' talk
View the Top 50 articles
Top 20 of the Last 2 Weeks
|
Topic: Privacy
The new items published under this topic are as follows.
View all articles
|  Smoke, mirrors and Google's privacy policies
Posted by l33tdawg on Wednesday, September 17, 2008 - 01:29 AM (Reads: 117)
Source: PC World (Australia)
Hi, my name's Cringely, and I am powerless over my Google addiction. ("Hi, Cringely.")
If there actually were a 12-step group called Googler's Anonymous, I think millions of us would join -- as long as it wasn't run by Google.
Last week, with the grace and solemnity of a god descending to earth to bestow favor upon us puny humans, Google announced changes to its data retention policy: Starting next year the search giant would now only hold onto all of your search data and your IP address for 9 months instead of 18 months. And thus the bowing and scraping in the mainstream press began: All hail mighty Google, lord of all data.
[   ]
Personal details of 18,000 NHS staff lost
Posted by l33tdawg on Tuesday, September 16, 2008 - 01:24 AM (Reads: 180)
Source: Telegraph (UK)
Four computer discs containing the details of 17,990 current and former staff were lost in July when they were sent between Whittington Hospital NHS Trust in north London and McKesson, a firm providing IT payroll services.
They contained the names, dates of birth, national insurance numbers, start dates and pay details of all staff of Whittington Hospital NHS Trust, Islington Primary Care Trust, Camden Primary Care Trust and Camden and Islington NHS Foundation Trust.
They also contained the addresses of some staff, although Whittington trust insisted they did not contain anyone's personal bank account details. The trust said the discs went missing when an envelope they were in was placed in a post tray marked "recorded delivery" on Tuesday 22 July. But there was no record of the discs being sent.
[   ]
Taliban using Skype phones to dodge MI6
Posted by l33tdawg on Monday, September 15, 2008 - 01:29 AM (Reads: 317)
Source: Daily Mail (UK)
Taliban fighters targeting British troops in Afghanistan are using the latest ‘internet phones’ to evade detection by MI6, security sources said last night.
Skype, a popular piece of consumer software that allows free calls to be made over the web, has been adopted by insurgents to communicate with cells strung out across the country.
Unlike traditional mobile calls, which can be monitored by RAF Nimrod spy planes, Skype calls – the commercial application of a technology called Voice Over Internet Protocol (VOIP) – are heavily encrypted. Voice calls are broken into millions of pieces of data before being sent down the line and reassembled by the other caller’s computer.
[   ]
530M records exposed, and counting
Posted by l33tdawg on Tuesday, September 09, 2008 - 01:59 AM (Reads: 239)
Source: Computer World
By my count, over half a billion records of personal information have been exposed or mishandled in the past eight years. And these are only from breaches where a record count has been publicly revealed.
That's more than the population of the European Union, and more than the number of people living in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and all of Central America and the Caribbean combined. My count of 530 million is more than double the 244 million records cited on Privacyrights.org. So how did I arrive at that figure?
There are a number of Web sites where you can find information about data breaches, including Computerworld's privacy page, Attrition.org, the Identity Theft Resource Center, blogs, government agencies and privacy newsletters such as the International Association of Privacy Professionals' "Daily Dashboard". For my summer project this year, I tabulated the data from all of these sources. I added them to files I'd been keeping since 2000, which included data on breaches stretching back to 1995. An intern, Emily Prather, Googled the Fortune 500 companies for news of breaches that didn't make these lists. Add to these several dozen notification letters received by friends and family, and we tallied about 1,500 breaches.
[   ]
Anonymize your phone number with LetsCall.Me
Posted by l33tdawg on Thursday, September 04, 2008 - 01:29 AM (Reads: 364)
Source: CNet News
LetsCall.Me is a smart new service for giving out your contact information to others without actually revealing it. At sign-up you get a special vanity URL and the option to have it direct callers to whatever number you provide. People who have your URL and want to call you can simply enter in their phone number and it will call that number to connect them to yours.
Unlike some other services that offer de-centralized calling (see GrandCentral, Jaxtr, JaJah, and iNumbr), LetsCall.Me preserves the caller's number so you can see it before picking up. I had my brother help me test this and he was a little confused to be calling Palm Springs, Calif., whereas I knew it was him because he was in my phone book.
[   ]
Web site posts Iowans private information
Posted by l33tdawg on Wednesday, September 03, 2008 - 02:14 AM (Reads: 266)
Source: WCCO
A Web site sponsored by elected officials includes Social Security numbers and other data for thousands of Iowans including Gov. Chet Culver.
IowaLandRecords.org is drawing sharp criticism from watchdog groups, which say it is putting Iowans at risk for identity theft. Culver's spokesman, Troy Price, said he is concerned and the governor's office is looking into the Web site.
IowaLandRecords.org, includes home mortgage records and other documents from each of Iowa's 99 counties. The Web site was launched in January 2005 by the Iowa County Recorders Association. Records on the site that are older than six years old typically include Social Security numbers. Newer documents do not include the numbers. One of those affected was West Des Moines resident George Davey.
[   ]
Travellers urged to scrub laptops
Posted by l33tdawg on Tuesday, September 02, 2008 - 01:52 AM (Reads: 304)
Source: thewest.com.au
Important files should be scrubbed from laptops before entering a foreign country, computer security experts warn.
And if travellers must bring critical files, be sure they’re encrypted. David Perry, a former computer security adviser for AOL who’s now with Bay Area-based Trend Micro, logs about 300 days a year on the road with his laptop, about half the time overseas.
Despite constant laptop use, he doesn’t store any critical information on it. “I don’t archive my emails, I don’t use Quicken, I don’t access my bank account, I don’t shop from my laptop. My laptop and my credit card are unacquainted,” said Perry.
[   ]
Customers' bank details sold on eBay
Posted by l33tdawg on Wednesday, August 27, 2008 - 01:35 AM (Reads: 528)
Source: Australian IT News
A BRITISH data processing firm has launched an urgent review after a staff member sold a computer on eBay containing personal details of a million bank customers. The computer was bought on the online auction site for $75 by Andrew Chapman, an IT manager from Oxford, in central England, who found the information on the computer's hard drive.
It included bank account numbers, phone numbers, mothers' maiden names and signatures of one million customers of American Express, NatWest and the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), the Independent newspaper reported.
It had belonged to data processing company Mail Source which is part of Graphic Data, a company that holds financial information for banks and other organisations. A spokeswoman for Mail Source said the employee who sold the computer had made an "honest mistake" but insisted it had been an "isolated incident".
[   ]
Google finds no privacy on private roads
Posted by l33tdawg on Monday, August 25, 2008 - 03:52 AM (Reads: 387)
Source: CNet News
Google's Street View service apparently thinks your "no trespassing" and "private road" signs are just for decoration.
The service, which gives Web users a driver's perspective of hundreds of cities around the world, has raised the ire of residents who say the images are an invasion of their privacy. Now residents in California's Humboldt County are complaining that the drivers who are hired to collect the images are disregarding private property signs and driving up private roads.
In an episode reported recently by the Santa Rosa Press-Democrat, a Street View driver cruised past two "no trespassing" signs to collect images of a residence that is 1,200 feet from the public road. "It isn't just a privacy issue; it is a trespassing issue, with their own photos as evidence," resident Betty Webb told the newspaper. "They really went off the track to get to our address."
[   ]
UK loses prisoner data in latest computer stumble
Posted by l33tdawg on Friday, August 22, 2008 - 01:41 AM (Reads: 502)
Source: Washington Post
In another embarrassing stumble with computerized data, Britain's government confirmed Thursday that a contractor lost a memory device containing information on every prison inmate in England and Wales.
British officials have been humiliated by a series of such blunders that has raised questions about its ability to safeguard personal information of citizens even as it works on final details for an ambitious national identification program and an expanded DNA data base.
Millions of names and personal details from across the country have been reported lost because computers or memory devices went missing over the past year. The latest comes after the government published a report in June on how it hoped to improve data handling practices.
[   ]
International travellers face computer searches at UK Customs
Posted by l33tdawg on Thursday, August 21, 2008 - 03:48 AM (Reads: 478)
Source: Computer Weekly
International travellers face having their laptop computers, mobile phones, iPods and USB memory sticks scanned and copied at will by customs officials under a proposed global anti-counterfeiting trade deal.
Japan and the US are pushing for the so-called Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) to be finalised by the end of the year. Participants have kept details of the agreement secret but information has emerged in consultation papers published by an Australian copyright trade body, the Australian Digital Alliance.
A submission by ADA to the Australian government revealed proposals to extend customs' powers to search, seize and destroy material that infringed copyright and the facilities used to produce the copies. Other proposals were to criminalise infringements and to open infringers to higher fines and claims for damages.
[   ]
KDDI glitch sent e-mail for Japan consulate in H.K. to 3rd parties+
Posted by l33tdawg on Tuesday, August 19, 2008 - 09:18 AM (Reads: 424)
Source: TMC Net
Electronic mail sent to the Japanese Consulate General in Hong Kong between Aug. 1 to 7 may have been improperly redirected to third parties due to a glitch at KDDI Hong Kong Ltd., but no internal information from the consulate general was leaked, the Japanese Foreign Ministry said Tuesday.
The glitch at KDDI Hong Kong is believed to have been caused by unauthorized access by hackers into its e-mail system. The Internet service provider said it has fixed the system and taken appropriate security measures, but the consulate general urged that further steps be taken to prevent recurrence, the ministry said.
"As a result, e-mail messages sent to our consulate general between Aug. 1 and Aug. 7 may not have been delivered properly. We ask that you kindly resend them if necessary," the consulate general said in a Japanese statement posted on its Internet home page.
[   ]
On Company Equipment, Don't Expect Privacy
Posted by l33tdawg on Monday, August 18, 2008 - 02:14 AM (Reads: 400)
Source: Courant.com
Most people are getting very comfortable with technology. Non-typers have evolved into typers. Non-writers have learned to get by. People once not inclined to make telephone calls now make them without blinking. Using technology, though, may put them at risk either on or off the job site.
Hope Haslam, director of Consulting Services at Epiq Systems Inc., headquartered in Kansas City, Kan., works in the New York City-based eDiscovery Group, which advises corporate and legal clients about large volumes of stored electronic data that might become part of a lawsuit, if it hasn't already.
"We identify relevant data," she says, (which suggests that) "the trend to mix work and life might well be colliding on technology at work and at home or on the road. If someone is on a PDA or laptop or personal machines at home, we can advise the corporation to go out and collect that data. This can be frightening to employees, because there could be some very personal information there."
[   ]
Police secretly planting GPS devices on cars
Posted by l33tdawg on Thursday, August 14, 2008 - 01:14 AM (Reads: 1265)
Source: Washington Post
Someone was attacking women in Fairfax County and Alexandria, grabbing them from behind and sometimes punching and molesting them before running away. After logging 11 cases in six months, police finally identified a suspect.
David Lee Foltz Jr., who had served 17 years in prison for rape, lived near the crime scenes. To figure out if Foltz was the assailant, police pulled out their secret weapon: They put a Global Positioning System device on Foltz's van, which allowed them to track his movements.
Police said they soon caught Foltz dragging a woman into a wooded area in Falls Church. After his arrest on Feb. 6, the string of assaults suddenly stopped. The break in the case relied largely on a crime-fighting tool they would rather not discuss.
[   ]
Hackers access data of American bank's customers
Posted by l33tdawg on Thursday, August 14, 2008 - 01:11 AM (Reads: 700)
Source: Computer Weekly
Hackers have accessed confidential details of an estimated 5,000 customers of an American banking group.San Francisco-based Wells Fargo is notifying affected customers of the breach.
Details of the breach are contained in a letter that the bank sent to New Hampshire's attorney general. It appears to be one of several letters sent to different states where people's data has been compromised. Written by the bank's senior company counsel, Peter McCorkell, it said, "This letter is to advise you of an information compromise incident which affects residents of New Hampshire.
"Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. has been advised by a reseller of consumer data, including consumer credit bureau data, of suspicious transactions made using Wells Fargo access codes. Our investigation confirmed that a significant number of unauthorized transactions had been made using Wells Fargo's codes. At this time, we do not know how our codes were compromised. We have notified the United States Secret Service, and it is investigating this matter."
[   ]
UK government plans to log every call, text and email
Posted by l33tdawg on Thursday, August 14, 2008 - 01:07 AM (Reads: 472)
Source: vnunet
The Home office has issued a consultation paper for a new law that would force phone companies, ISPs and network operators to record and store every phone call, web page request and text message.
The information would have to be stored for twelve months by service providers and would be searchable by a wide variety of organisations, including local councils, health authorities and even Ofsted and the Post Office.
A key aspect of the debate, both during the public consultation on, and parliamentary debate about, the code of practice for voluntary retention of data, and also during the debate about the Directive within the European Council and the European Parliament, has been the impact, or potential impact, that retention of communications data has on individuals’ human rights,” the document states.
[   ]
Google Disavows Deep-Packet Inspection of Web Traffic
Posted by l33tdawg on Tuesday, August 12, 2008 - 02:11 AM (Reads: 538)
Source: Yahoo! News
Google is seeking to draw clear distinctions between the methods it uses to target ad placements based on search queries and a controversial data-mining practice known as deep-packet inspection. The deep-packet technique gathers and stores information on an individual's Web-site visits and Internet usage without first obtaining the user's consent.
"One of our bedrock privacy principles is transparency, by which we mean that we are upfront with our users about what information we collect and how we use it so that they can make informed choices about their personal information," said Alan Davidson, director of public policy and government affairs at Google.
[   ]
Hacker finds that US local airport procedures for handling people without an ID has a few security problems
Posted by l33tdawg on Tuesday, August 12, 2008 - 01:31 AM (Reads: 512)
Source: Info World
Before Sherri Davidoff flew out to Defcon this year, she made sure to cover up the "Global Hacking Permit 230291" sticker on her laptop with a photo of two adorable puppies.
She figured it might help things go a little more smoothly at Logan International Airport, where she eventually managed to clear her way through the Transportation Security Administration's security screening and fly out to this week's hacker convention in Las Vegas without using any ID.
The TSA changed its policy in June, barring travelers who refuse to show ID from flying, but allowing cooperative passengers who have lost or otherwise don't have their papers to pass through. Davidoff, an independent security consultant based in Boston, wanted to see how the new TSA system worked.
[   ]
Three in four parents spy on children online
Posted by l33tdawg on Thursday, August 07, 2008 - 01:59 AM (Reads: 641)
Source: Telegraph (UK)
Parents have admitted to spying on their children online in an attempt to safeguard them from the dangers of social networking websites.
Children as young as eight are being attracted to social networking sites such as Facebook, Myspace and Bebo, with a new study revealing more than 750,000 between the ages of 8 and 12 use one, despite minimum age restrictions of 13 or 14.
The research shows parents are taking matters into their own hands with three quarters snooping on their children online. One in four parents admit to secretly logging on to their child’s social networking page, while the same number have also set up their own page to spy on their kids.
[   ]
U.S. government policy for seizing laptops at borders disclosed
Posted by l33tdawg on Tuesday, August 05, 2008 - 12:36 AM (Reads: 640)
Source: Schneier on Security
L33tdawg : PGP whole disk encryption for OS X cannot come soon enough imho
Amazing. The U.S. government has published its policy: they can take your laptop anywhere they want, for as long as they want, and share the information with anyone they want:
Federal agents may take a traveler's laptop or other electronic device to an off-site location for an unspecified period of time without any suspicion of wrongdoing, as part of border search policies the Department of Homeland Security recently disclosed. Also, officials may share copies of the laptop's contents with other agencies and private entities for language translation, data decryption, or other reasons, according to the policies, dated July 16 and issued by two DHS agencies, US Customs and Border Protection and US Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
[...]
DHS officials said that the newly disclosed policies — which apply to anyone entering the country, including US citizens — are reasonable and necessary to prevent terrorism.
[...]
The policies cover 'any device capable of storing information in digital or analog form,' including hard drives, flash drives, cell phones, iPods, pagers, beepers, and video and audio tapes. They also cover 'all papers and other written documentation,' including books, pamphlets and 'written materials commonly referred to as "pocket trash..."
It's not the policy that's amazing; it's the fact that the government has actually made it public.
[   ]
HITBSecConf2008 - Malaysia
The following speakers have confirmed their participation in HITBSecConf2008 - Malaysia; the premier network security event in Asia and the Middle East!
Day 1 Keynote Speakers
1.) Jeremiah Grossman (Founder & Chief Technology Officer, White Hat Security.)
2.) Marcus Ranum (Chief Security Officer, Tenable Network Security)
Day 2 Keynote Speakers
3.) Dr. Anton Chuvakin (Chief Research Officer, Log Logic Inc.)
4.) Peter Sunde [brokep] (Founder, The Pirate Bay - TPB) and Fredrik Neij [TiAMO] (Founder, The Pirate Bay - TPB)
Conference Speakers (alphabetical order)
1. AR (Independent Network Security Researcher, Securebits)
2. Adrian ‘pagvac’ Pastor (ProCheckUp Ltd. / GNUCITIZEN)
3. Akshay Agrawal (Practice Manager, Microsoft Information Security ACE Team)
4. Andrew ‘Q’ Righter (HacDC)
5. Alexander Tereshkin (Principal Researcher, Invisible Things Lab)
6. Charlie Miller (Principal Analyst, Independent Security Evaluators)
7. Ching Tim Meng (Security Consultant, Cable & Wireless)
8. Dino Covotsos (Managing Director, Telspace Systems)
9. Dino Dai Zovi (Security Researcher)
10. Ero Carrera (Reverse Engineering Automation Researcher, zynamics GmbH)
11. Haroon Meer (Technical Director, Sensepost Information Security)
12. Hernan Ochoa (Senior Security Consultant, Core Security Technologies)
13. Ilfak Guilfanov (Founder/CEO of Hex-Rays SA and creator of IDA Pro)
14. Jamie Butler (Coauthor of Rootkits: Subverting the Windows Kernel)
15. Jim Geovedi (Member of HERT & Security Consultant, PT. Bellua Asia Pacific)
16. Julian Ho (Chief Operating Officer, THINKSecure Pte. Ltd.)
17. King Tuna (Independent Network Security Researcher)
18. Kris Kaspersky (Independent Network Security Researcher)
19. Lee Chin Sheng [geek00l] (Independent Network Security Researcher)
20. Matthew Geiger (Forensics Specialist, CERT)
21. Meling Mudin [spoonfork] (Independent Network Security Researcher)
22. Marc Weber Tobias (Investigative Attorney and Security Specialist)
23. Nitesh Dhanjani (Senior Manager, Ernst & Young)
24. Paul Craig (Principal Security Consultant, Security-Assessment.com)
25. Pedram Amini (Manager, Security Research, TippingPoint)
26. Petko D. Petkov [pdp] (GNUCITIZEN)
27. Shreeraj Shah  (Director, BlueInfy)
28. Saumil Shah (Founder, Net-Square)
29. The Grugq (Independent Network Security Researcher)
There are very limited seats and registrants are encouraged to register early!
REGISTER NOW
Last 15 Postings to HITB Forum
Packet Storm Security Latest
·  carsvehicle-sql.txt
The Cars-Vehicle script suffers from a remote SQL injection vulnerability in page.php.
·  quickcmslite-xss.txt
Quick CMS Lite version 2.1 Freeware is susceptible to a cross site scripting vulnerability.
·  quickitunes-oveflow.txt
QuickTime version 7.5.5 and iTunes version 8.0 remote heap overflow crash exploit.
·  nng-4.13r-public.rar
NNG is a tool that creates crafted packets to cause MS02-039 false-positives against IPS/IDS. NNG does not have the same approach used by Snot and Stick, where the main goal is DoSing the IPS. Instead, NNG tries to make IPS/IDS numbed enough to have the leakage of real attack.
·  dsa-1638-1.txt
Debian Security Advisory 1638-1 - It has been discovered that the signal handler implementing the login timeout in Debian's version of the OpenSSH server uses functions which are not async-signal-safe, leading to a denial of service vulnerability.
·  shatter-db2overrrun.txt
Team SHATTER Security Advisory - The XMLQUERY and XMLEXISTS functions are vulnerable to a stack based buffer overflow by passing an overly long parameter. The XMLQUERY and XMLEXISTS functions are installed by default. IBM DB2 Database Server versions 9.1 and 9.5 on the Windows platform are affected.
·  shatter-clrstored.txt
Team SHATTER Security Advisory - It is possible to use the CLR stored procedure deployment feature of IBM Database add-ins for Visual Studio to produce a privilege escalation or denial of service on a DB2 server. IBM DB2 Database Server versions 9.1 and 9.5 on the Windows platform are affected.
·  hotelresv-sql.txt
Hotel Reservation System suffers from a blind SQL injection vulnerability in city.asp.
Topics
·   All topics
·  AMD News (Aug 21, 2008)
·  Apple News (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Articles (Feb 13, 2006)
·  Ask Us (Feb 01, 2003)
·  Audio/Video (Sep 14, 2008)
·  Encryption (Aug 22, 2008)
·  Games (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Hardware (Sep 14, 2008)
·  HITB News (May 18, 2008)
·  Industry News (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Intel News (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Law and Order (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Linux (Sep 08, 2008)
·  Microsoft (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Networking (Sep 16, 2008)
·  PDAs (Feb 09, 2007)
·  Privacy (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Red Hat (May 13, 2008)
·  Science (Sep 16, 2008)
·  Security (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Software & Programming (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Spam (Sep 16, 2008)
·  Technology (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Transmeta (Jul 07, 2007)
·  Viruses & Malware (Sep 17, 2008)
·  Wireless (Sep 14, 2008)
Hosting Provided By
Page created in 0.692962884903 seconds.
