The following text is extracted and transformed from the zooescape.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-16. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Zoo Escape - Privacy Policy
ZooEscape.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Website: ZooEscape.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Website.
Personal Information
ZooEscape.com may collect Personal Information from you, but only if you provide it to us voluntarily. You must provide Personal Information in the form of a unique identifier (username and password) to enter certain parts of our Website.
Any information entered in your ZooEscape.com profile becomes public information and can be accessed by anyone. You are not required to provide such information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information in your ZooEscape.com profile.
We do not share any Personal Information with any third parties nor do we use any Personal Information for any purposes, except when it is required for collecting of premium membership fees (for premium subscribers). Personal e-mail address will not appear anywhere on the site and will only be used for notification purposes (game ended, it's your turn notification, etc.)
Children
ZooEscape.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under age 13. If you are under age 13, immediately discontinue use of our Website.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. ZooEscape.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.
Public Forums
ZooEscape.com makes forums and/or message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.
Security
ZooEscape.com has multiple security measures (both physical and via software) in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Changes
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time. Changes to this Privacy Statement are effective upon posting. Please check back periodically for updates.
Contacting the WebSite
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website, you can contact us
Effective date
This Privacy Statement is effective as of January 1, 2008.
Last updated: January 21, 2008.
| Help | | | Contact Us | | | Terms of Service | | | Privacy Policy
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
©2008  zooescape.com.   All rights reserved.
