The following text is extracted and transformed from the sgul.ac.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy
St George’s, University of London is committed to protecting your personal data and informing you of yours rights in relation to that data.
St George’s, University of London is registered as a Data Controller under the Data Protection Act 1998, registration number Z5770328.
When you supply any personal information to St George’s, University of London we have legal obligations towards you in the way we deal with that data. We must collect the information fairly, explain how we will use it and tell you if we want to pass the information on to anyone else. The university will process your personal data in accordance with UK data protection legislation.
Our privacy notices explain how we use your data. The current versions of all of our privacy notices can be found below. We may update our Privacy Notices at any time and we encourage you to check back here regularly to review any changes.
How to contact us
If you would like more information about how we collect, use and store your personal data, you can contact our university Data Protection Officer at:
Email:       dataprotection@sgul.ac.uk
Tel:            020 8725 0668
Address:   Data Protection Officer, Information Services, St George’s University of London, Cranmer Terrace, London SW17 0RE
How we use your information
We will only use your information in accordance with our privacy policies below. Please read the privacy notice that is relevant to you.
How long we keep your data for
Unless specific time periods are given in the relevant Privacy Notice, your data will be kept in line with our Records Retention Schedule.
Your rights as a data subject
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data processed by us, including:
Access to see the information that we hold about you
To correct information about data that is incorrect
To be informed about what how we use your data and how to exercise your rights
Opt out of direct marketing
Exercising your rights, queries and complaints
Contact the Data Protection Officer
Privacy notices
Marketing information privacy notice (pdf)
Course applicant privacy notice (pdf)
Student privacy notice (pdf)
Widening participation privacy policy
Job applicant privacy notice (pdf)
Visitors to our website (pdf)
Alumni privacy notice
Staff privacy notice (pdf)
Council members' privacy notice (pdf)
CCTV footage (pdf)
Professional Education Privacy Notice (pdf)
Research study participant privacy notice (pdf)
Study specific privacy notices can be found on the our policies webpage
