The following text is extracted and transformed from the dqydj.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy and Disclosures – DQYDJ
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to dqydj.com, dqydj.net, yourdayjob.net and any and all subdomains. We will not use or share your personal information except as described in this privacy policy.
Information we collect
We may collect personally identifiable information about you such as your full name, internet pseudonym or alias (and any associated graphic such as a gravatar), IP address, and email address if you visit, register for the site feed, submit a comment, use the contact form, or otherwise get in touch with the site.
Additionally, our third party partners and we utilize cookies and tracking technologies for the purposes of tracking, analytics and advertising. You can block or disregard cookies and tracking technologies using your browser settings and may use DQYDJ although some elements of the site may be degraded.
Additionally, we log information that is generally provided by your computer and browser when you navigate the site such as browser name, operating system, machine type, metadata related to previous and next link, and other session data. We do not tie this data to any personally identified information from the above paragraph.
To amend or remove inaccurate data and metadata, contact info@dqydj.com. To remove personally identifiable information from the mailing list or subscription feed, use the links provided in the channel in question.
We do not knowingly collect personal data for users under the age of 16. In the event that we learn of data collection for minors under the age of 16 we will immediately delete any information on those users as quickly as possible. If you believe we may have information on minors under the age of 16 contact info@dqydj.com.
How we use information
DQYDJ and our partners use generated data and metadata to improve the site offerings, create new content, register interest in topics and discussions, remember user preferences, and provide relevant advertising.
We collect personally identifiable information in limited areas for the purposes of content and feed subscription and delivery, to provide commenting functionality, to solicit feedback, and to reply or comment in response to your communications.
How we share information
Personally identifiable information: DQYDJ will not rent or sell your PII to third party companies (except in the event of a site sale). Your personally identifiable information may be stored in locations outside of the control of DQYDJ, for example with analytics providers, our third party web host, with our feed providers, and other services and firms. Refer to third party individual privacy policies for information on how they handle your personally identifiable information.
Non personally identifiable information: We may share anonymized or summarized metadata with third parties to better understand and improve the layout, structure, and content of the site and for purposes of site identification, verification, and promotion.
Where required by law or to defend our interests: we may disclose your personally identifiable information or metadata in response to legal inquiries we believe legitimate or necessary. We may disclose your personally identifiable information and metadata to defend the integrity of our service or protect site security. We may disclose your personally identifiable information and metadata to exercise or defend our rights, property, and interests.
How we store information
Information collected by DQYDJ may be stored and processed in North America and other regions in which we or our third party partners maintain servers. DQYDJ may transfer information we collect about you across country lines to affiliated entities and third parties and for the purposes of site backups, redundancy, or reducing latency.
How we protect your information
DQYDJ can not guarantee or warrant that your information will never be accessed through breach, exploit, or accident. However, we employ industry best practices in the collection and submission of information, beginning with providing our portal through Transport Layer Security (TLS) as denoted by the https:// in our site URL and using secure transport protocols for third party services and backups. No technology is 100% secure now or  in the future; we cannot guarantee absolute information security. For more information on how we safeguard data contact info@dqydj.com
How we communicate with you
DQYDJ will primarily communicate with you through these methods:
Information provided on our site and portal
Information and content provided through our feed, email, and syndication (partners or services)
Replies, responses, defenses, clarifications and communications through mail and comments (which may trigger notifications depending on user preference)
Private communications we initiate
Social feeds where you choose to subscribe or view
Retargeted advertisements
What we will do in the event of a compromise
We will notify you through one of the above methods in compliance with applicable law in 72 or fewer hours from when we learn of breach, disclosure, or compromise.
How to contact us and where to see updates
If this privacy policy changes details will be reflected on this page. You may contact us regarding this policy through the contact form or by mailing info@dqydj.com
Financial Advice Disclaimer
No agency, government, or other entity has actually bestowed upon us any titles like “Certified Financial Planner” or something similar.  Take everything that we say with a grain of salt, even if the financial strategies we publish are so obvious they’re painful to add salt to.
The simple fact is, we aren’t formally qualified to give you advice.  For any information on the site find qualified and certified financial help from your jurisdiction to vet and verify its correctness. All information is provided for informational and research purposes only.
Analytics
Don’t Quit Your Day Job… uses targeted ads designed to appeal to the interests of readers of this site.  You should know that:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We also use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google.  Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the usage patterns on DQYDJ.net and to prepare reports on site activities.  Google may use the data collected to personalize the ads on its own advertising network.
You can opt out of Google Analytics Tracking here.
Through remarketing with Google Analytics, we collect information on user demographics and interests. We use this data to review the type and amount of interest we receive to various content on the site and improve our advertising mix. Google provides a mixture of Analytics opt-outs here.
Advertising Policy
This is a collaborative blog, written by PK, Cameron, and the rare Guest Poster. For questions about this blog, please contact PK.
This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in honesty of relationship, opinion and identity. The compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this blog. That content, advertising space, or post will be clearly identified as paid or sponsored content.
To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org
Affiliate Links and Products
Don’t Quit Your Day Job… has a financial relationship with some of the companies, services, and products listed on the site. We may be compensated for clicks, registrations, sign-ups, purchases and other actions readers take based on the links on the pages. You are not required to take any action related to our affiliate links to make use of the site.
Amazon.com Affiliate
dqydj.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Commenting Policy
We reserve the right to edit adult language in comments while preserving the original intent. Comments and pictures that are in our discretion, off topic, don’t add to the discussion, spam or of strictly an attacking nature can be removed or edited.
If you choose to comment, you release to the discretion of current and future authors of DQYDJ the right to use the material in your comment and any publicly available identification related to your comment in future material related to the site, or material branded under the same name as the site.
