The following text is extracted and transformed from the alfy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
ALFY.com -- the Best Free Online Games - Privacy Policy
Tags:
2 Players
3D
Action
Adventure
Aircraft
Aliens
All Games
Android
Angry Birds
Animals
Arcade
Army
Ball
Ben 10
Birds
Board
Boat
Bomb
Bubbles
Cars
Cartoon
Celebrities
Classic
Cooking
Decorate
Defense
Dogs
Dress-Up
Driving
Fashion
Fighting
Fish
Flying
Food
Girls
Holiday
Hottest
Invaders
Jewels
Jumping
Logic
Mario
Math
Memory
Mobile
Motorcycle
Newest
Ninja
PacMan
Pang
Platform
Popular
Puzzles
Physics
Racing
Running
Ship
Shooting
Skill
SmartPhone
Sniper
Soccer
Sonic
Space
Sports
Strategy
Top Played
Water
Zombie
Zuma
|
Privacy Policy
At www.ALFY.com (the "Site") we recognize that respecting the privacy of our users is as important as the quality of the online experience that we provide.
Currently, you may access and use the content and offerings available on the Site without any registration process and without any personally identifiable information. We currently do not collect any personally identifiable information from any user.
Some games on the Site may ask the user questions for gaming purposes; for example, a game on the Site may ask the user to provide a "name" to be used within that game. You are under no obligation to provide your real-life name or any personal identifiable information; and we do not retain such user-provided information beyond the scope of the particular game being played.
The servers on which the Site is hosted may gather various technical details about visits to the Site. For example, the servers may log the date of each visit, the time of each visit, browser type of visitors, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of visitors, links followed within the Site, and other information. We may retain and/or use such information for various purposes, for example, for server load balancing, for system administration, for quality control, to report aggregate data to advertisers, and for our internal security audit logs.
When your web browser accesses the Site, we collect certain information via "cookies": a cookie is a file or an information item that the Site writes into your computer and/or reads from your computer while you are visiting the Site. We may use such cookies in order to enhance the user experience, for quality control purposes, for security purposes, and for other purposes.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can configure your browser to refuse or reject or disable all cookies, or to alert you when a cookie is being sent. If you disable or limit the utilization of cookies on your web browser, some of the content and/or games on the Site may not be operational or usable.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements or banners on the Site. These advertising companies may use cookies and/or "action tags" (also known as "single pixel GIFs" or "web beacons") in order to select and/or deliver advertisements that are more relevant and more interesting to each user, to measure or estimate advertising effectiveness, or for other advertising-related purposes. We do not control the cookies and/or "action tags" that such advertising companies may employ.
The Site may include online games, typically Flash games or Java games or Shockwave games, that were developed by third parties and/or are hosted on servers of third parties. Such third parties, whose content may appear on the Site, may have different data collection practices and different privacy policies.
The Site may include links to third party web-sites. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such third party web- sites that we provide links to. The third party web site operators (and not us) are responsible for the information collection, use and disclosure practices of those third party web-sites.
We reserve the right to change the information, features, products, policies, promotions, disclosures and disclaimers of this Site at any time, including this Privacy Policy. We will notify users of the Site of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting on the Site a revised Privacy Policy, which will indicate the new effective date of such Privacy Policy. BY VISITING THE SITE, YOU ACCEPT THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY; UNLESS YOU ARE A CHILD UNDER THE AGE OF 13, IN WHICH CASE, YOUR PARENTS ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically to determine if any changes were made to it since you last visited us. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy is conclusive proof that you have accepted such changes.
Last updated on April 18, 2016
|
Welcome to ALFY.com, featuring hundreds of free online games for all ages! Our team-members carefully select the best Action Games and many other categories of games, for your enjoyment. ALFY.com has the best online games, with no video ads and no pop-up windows or popup ads. Here you can find the best three dimensional online games in which the entire game is displayed in a 3D perspective, no matter if you are running or driving or fighting against enemies. Make sure to add a bookmark or a favorite for this website, ALFY.com, so that you can return and visit us again soon, today or tomorrow or next week, to play more fun online games, and to enjoy various online Flying games, all for free. Remember that some of our online games, and particularly our online Platform games, can be played with the keyboard, such as with the arrow keys and the space bar; whereas some other online games on ALFY.com, and especially the Angry Birds online games, can be enjoyed by using the mouse or touch-pad of your computer or laptop. Some of the online games under the SmartPhone tag may be more appropriate for playing on your smart-phone or cellular phone, as they may be more smartphone-friendly and may allow you to control your character or to control the game itself via touching or by moving your finger over a touch-screen of your smartphone or tablet. Take note of our Classic Games tag, under which you can find online versions of some classic arcade games and famous classic games, such as Pac-Man or Bomb Jack or Space Invaders online, as well as many other well-known arcade games and classic online games. Our games site ALFY.com is proud to feature various Zombies games, that are easily accessible by clicking on the Zombie tag on the left side of the screen, and can take you to a list of Zombie-related online games in which you fight against various scary and less-scary zombies. You may ask ALFY.com to show you a list of online games that are similar to the famous Bejeweled game, by clicking on the Jewels tag in the left-side list of tags on this screen or other screens, and it will show you various free online games that resemble Bejeweled or three-in-a-row games, as well as various Connect Two games. We are proud to feature a variety of online arcade games, ranging from Pac-Man to Space Invaders. Each game on ALFY.com is tagged, with several tags that you can select from the Tags menu; and you can see similar games by clicking on a Tag of your choice. You are sure to find at ALFY.com the most fascinating logic games and highly intriguing board games, that will challenge your mind. Don't forget to try some of the fast-paced Running Games that we have, including games similar to the famous Temple Run smartphone game. We proudly present Flash Racing Games that are entirely free to play, together with Animal Games that are fun for the entire family. Hey, don't forget to tell all your friends about our excellent Cooking Games in which you cook, bake and prepare virtual food! If you are looking for the coolest free Celebrity Games online, then you have come to the right place at ALFY.com! If you like the Jonas Brothers, Miley Cyrus, Beyonce, Selena Gomez, Johnny Depp, Katy Perry, Fergie or Bratz, then ALFY.com is the online place to be! If you enjoy free online games, with exploding bombs, flying airplanes, virtual cooking and baking, or simply a careful defense of your towers, you and your family can enjoy all these great online games on ALFY.com.
