The following text is extracted and transformed from the mypartyplanner.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-28. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
My Party Planner - Privacy Policy
|
|  |
|
|  |  This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which MyPartyPlanner.com LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from Members of this Web site (each, a "Member").
Your Privacy
MyPartyPlanner.com, LLC (a division of Starr World Enterprises, LLC) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your online protection.
Each members privacy is very important to MyPartyPlanner.com and we are committed to safeguarding the information members entrust to MyPartyPlanner.com.
Participation in any offers, contests, or promotions is completely voluntary. Please read on for more information about our privacy policy, information gathering process and dissemination practices for this web site.
The Information We Collect
MyPartyPlanner.com collects your personal information from Members only by you volunteering it to us. MyPartyPlanner.com may also collect information about how Members use our Web site, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Web site or the domains from which Members originate. We may use "cookies" to track how Members use our Web site. A cookie is a piece of software that a Web server can store on the Members PC and use to identify the Member should they visit the Web site again and allows us to know how often a particular person visits our website and what offers they may visit while there. Cookies are an industry standard and can be found at most major Web sites. MyPartyPlanner.com will never use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. This information enables us to generate advertising, links and content on web pages specifically designed for that user, and to statistically monitor how many people are using our site and for what purposes. While not all of the information that we collect from users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Members provide us through our Web site.
E-Mail Privacy
We only send email to our subscribers on the topics they specifically request. MyPartyPlanner.com is a direct marketer that delivers targeted messages to the email addresses of specific community members. All members of the MyPartyPlanner.com community have specifically requested that they receive information related to particular topics. Our site's registration form requires users to give their email address. It is optional for that user to provide us with any additional information, both for contests, surveys, and other web activities.
In all cases, your e-mail address is the basic information that is necessary for the purchase of the MyPartyPlanner.com listings includes the users full name, address and email address, credit card information, billing address and billing option. This allows consumers to receive their products, requested information and future offers of personal interest. In the event of a contest or other type of promotion, or when visiting an affiliate site, additional information may be requested, i.e. age, sex, or various demographic content. This information may also be used to inform users about operational changes to our website or to disseminate anonymous data, which does not allow you to be identified or contacted, by a third party. We may also collect information that is given voluntarily through responses to surveys, questionnaires, etc. This information will be used to help us improve our products and services and the operations of the web site. No names will be sold to 3rd parties without first obtaining user consent.
MyPartyPlanner.com does not use email addresses unless it is to contact a subscriber about their active or inactive account, topics or interests they have specifically requested more information about. MyPartyPlanner.com reviews and reserves the right to edit all outgoing messages to ensure messages are delivered only to those subscribers requesting the information. In each and every email, users are given the opportunity to opt out of future mailings by following a simple unsubscribe process. Members can also unsubscribe by sending an email message to info@mypartyplanner.com . Postal mail addresses provided to MyPartyPlanner.com during the registration process or afterwards may be shared with outside parties, with user approval.
How We Use Information
MyPartyPlanner.com may use personally identifiable information collected through our Web site to contact Members regarding products and services offered by MyPartyPlanner.com and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners, and otherwise to enhance Members experience with MyPartyPlanner.com and such affiliates, independent contractors and business partners. MyPartyPlanner.com may also use information collected through our Web site for research regarding the effectiveness of the Web site and the marketing, advertising and sales efforts of MyPartyPlanner.com, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.
Disclosure of Information
MyPartyPlanner.com may disclose information collected from Members to trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above. We may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Members to investors and potential partners. Finally, we may transfer information collected from Members in connection with a sale of MyPartyPlanner.coms business.
Maintenance of Information
Information about Members that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures. However, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure.
Summary
Please keep in mind that any information (including personal information) that is divulged in a public setting (such as a bulletin board or mail list) is not protected under this Privacy Policy and may be seen by third parties not related to MyPartyPlanner.com and used by them to contact you for unauthorized purposes. In addition, if you link or connect to a third party web site from MyPartyPlanner.com, any information disclosed on that site is not subject to this Privacy Policy. Please refer to the privacy policy of each individual site for more information.
At MyPartyPlanner.com, our policy is to affiliate with 3rd party companies who's content is void of all hate, racial, or sexual material and/or references. If we are made aware of such content on an affiliates site, the site and/or company will be removed from all MyPartyPlanner.com data stores. MyPartyPlanner.com will not give the ability to children under 13 to post publicly or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior Verifiable Parental Consent, and will make best efforts to prohibit a child from posting any contact information on the site. MyPartyPlanner.com is not responsible for the child protection policies on third party content providers, although will make every effort to ensure 3rd party sites have child protection policies.
At MyPartyPlanner.com we are committed to ensuring personal security. Our site has security procedures in place to protect the misuse, loss or alteration of the information that has been entrusted to us. All data is protected by leading technical safeguards, and Web security is monitored on a continuous basis with adherence to strict regulations. Only key executives and members of the development team at MyPartyPlanner.com have the ability to access files requiring security clearances; all of whom follow a strict code of conduct in the handling of this information. In addition, all MyPartyPlanner.com employees are made aware of corporate security policies upon hire, change of position or change of policy.
By visiting our Web site, you are agreeing to the collection and use of this information by MyPartyPlanner.com. If at any time our Privacy Policy changes, those changes will be posted to the Web site so all guests to our site are aware of the changes. The web pages at MyPartyPlanner.com and some of the email sent by MyPartyPlanner.com may contain links to external sites beyond our control. While we try to ensure these other sites' Privacy Statements conform to our own, MyPartyPlanner.com cannot represent or guarantee that they do so. Again, please review the Privacy Statement of any sites linked to MyPartyPlanner.com
Terms and Conditions
Our Terms and Conditions can be viewed here.
Members may direct questions concerning this Privacy Policy by e-mail to admin@mypartyplanner.com.
Updated:01/07
|
SEARCH BY COMPANY NAME - A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
MOST POPULAR SEARCHES - A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
USA Party Planners - Alaska, Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Washington, D.C., Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Iowa, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Maryland, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Mississippi, Montana, North Carolina, North Dakota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, Nevada, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Vermont, Washington, Wisconsin, West Virginia, Wyoming
|
