The following text is extracted and transformed from the myportfolio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-06-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
MYINTERNET.COM: PREMIER DOMAIN NAME SERVICES
PRIVACY STATEMENT
myinternet.com has adopted this Privacy Statement as an expression of our commitment to fair electronic information practices.
Your Personal Information
When you sign up for membership at myinternet.com , we require the personal information listed in our application found at http://www. myinternet.com /english/signup.zpml. When you subscribe, you agree to provide and maintain accurate and complete information. The information we receive from or about you is stored on systems designed to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of that information.
If the information you have provided us requires modification, you can make changes at any time by contacting us via email at support@myinternet.com.
Who Has Access?
The employees, agents and business partners of myinternet.com are independently responsible for ensuring compliance with our Privacy Statement. Only those employees who have a legitimate business purpose for accessing and handling your personal information are given authorization to do so. Our information management systems are designed in such a way as to block employees from accessing information without authority.
How We Use It
myinternet.com uses your personal information to accurately track and administer your account. We also use this information to provide you with important notices and to generally keep in touch with you about new product or service offerings or the offerings of our business partners.
Sharing Domain Information
myinternet.com may disclose personal information about you if required to do so by law or other regulatory authority.
Your Privacy Concerns
If you feel that myinternet.com has violated our Privacy Statement in any way, contact us via email at support@myinternet.com.
Legal contact:
Traci S. Umberger, Esq.
General Counsel
10900 NE 4th Street, Suite 1630
Bellevue, WA 98004
legal@ myinternet.com
© myinternet.com. 1998-2000. All Rights Reserved.
