The following text is extracted and transformed from the southafrica.co.za privacy policy that was archived on 2014-10-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
South Africa Online web site privacy policy | South Africa Online
South Africa Online (and its subsidiary sites) believes strongly in protecting the privacy of users of its web site.  There may be times when you will register for services on South Africa Online; you may be required to provide South Africa Online with personal information including, but not limited to, the following:
your name
e-mail address
postal (zip) code
gender
age
member name and password.
Photo credit: qnr
South Africa Online will not sell to any third party your name, address, e-mail address and member name, unless you provide your informed consent, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, police investigations, or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant. South Africa Online allows access to database information by third-parties providing technical services, such as e-mail, but only to the extent necessary to provide you with those services. In those instances, the third-party is bound by these terms. Your informed consent shall be in the form of an “opt in” or similar policy. You understand and agree that South Africa Online may disclose to third parties, your postal/zip code, gender and/or age, but only in the form of aggregated information.
South Africa Online reserves the right to offer you third party services and products based on the preferences that you identify during the registration process and based on your subsequent preferences; such offers may be provided to you by South Africa Online.
If you have any questions concerning the privacy policies of South Africa Online which are not covered in this statement, please contact us with your questions.
This site may contain links to other Web sites and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Web sites. Furthermore this site uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the site.
One of these third-party advertising companies, Google, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on visits to this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
