The following text is extracted and transformed from the lokad.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-23. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Lokad
Customer privacy is very important to us. Simply put: our customers remain the sole owners of the data they provide. No disclosure will be made to 3rd parties except for strict technical requirements of the forecasting service itself.
Security
All accesses to the Lokad systems (website and web services) are password protected. We use a one-way hashes to store your passwords. Intuitively, this means that no password is explicitly stored by the Lokad systems. It is the users' responsibility to safeguard and protect their password information.
Nominative Information
Lokad will not sell, rent or share any user data in a personally identifiable form with any third party without your express permission. As a business service, Lokad does not target its offerings at, and does not knowingly collect any personal information from underage users.
Qualified partners
At registration, we ask if the contact information can be transferred to a single qualified partner. The purpose of this transfer is to facilitate getting started with Lokad, in particular for data integration which is usually the most difficult step. The option can be unchecked. The partner is bound by a Non Disclosure Agreement. The information can only be used by the partner for the purpose outlined here above. The partner agrees not to sell, rent or share any user data in a personally identifiable form with any third party without your express permission.
Accessing and revising your contact information
If you need to update or change your registration information, you can do so directly through your Lokad account (log in and go to the My Account page). If you choose to cancel your registration and drop Lokad services, please be aware that Lokad may retain residual information for a limited amount of time (typically in the backup copies of our databases).
Time-series data and collective forecasts
Each Lokad customer can store time-series data in their Lokad account. We consider that this data is the property of our customers. We may disclose this data to 3rd parties either for technical reasons underlying the forecasting process itself (such as database backup) or as the result of court decisions. The customer time-series data will not be sold or disclosed to any third party for any commercial purpose.
However, you should be aware that your data may be anonymously used to improve the forecasts of other Lokad customers. This process is entirely secure , as this forecast refinement is a very indirect process that cannot be reverse engineered. No other Lokad customer can access your data, not even an obfuscated version of your data.
If you believe that your data are too sensitive to be entrusted to Lokad's care, then we suggest that you obfuscate your data before sending it to us.
Languages: English Français Deutsch Español Русский 日本語
What people say
Classical solutions require too much manpower and don't scale correctly over hundreds of thousands of products. Lokad and Windows Azure were exactly the solution my business needed. Pierre-Noël Luiggi, CEO of Oscaro
The Lokad forecasting solution allows us to precisely forecast our sales and to optimize our inventory accordingly. The result is there: we are maintaining a 99% customer satisfaction level and deliver food that is often fresher than what can be found at local pet stores. Anthony Holloway, CEO at k9cuisine
More success stories.
