The following text is extracted and transformed from the piryx.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-01. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Piryx
Last updated on June 16, 2010
This website and affiliated websites, including www.piryx.com (collectively, the “website”) is provided by Piryx, Inc. (“Piryx”). Your use of our website is governed by the Terms of Use, and by your use of our website you accept and acknowledge this privacy policy.
1. What Personal Information We Collect
You may provide information that can be used to identify you (your “Personal Information”) when you respond to certain inquiries or choose to use certain sections of our website. “Personal Information” may include Personal Identification Information, Public Filing Information, Financial Information, Website Usage Information, and Other Personal Information, as defined below:
Personal Identification Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, address,, zip code, precinct, demographic information (including but not limited to age, sex, race, ethnicity and national origin), telephone number, e-mail address, e-mail confirmation data, employer, occupation, spouse identity, political party information, and any other information required by law to be collected in connection with political contributions;
Public Filing Information includes, but is not limited to, any information, including any item of Personal Information, that is included in a filing or submission that is a matter of public record, such as, without limitation, any information provided in ethics filings made in connection with political campaigns and publicly available under any law providing right of public access (“Ethics Filings”);
Financial Information includes, but is not limited to, credit card number and/or credit card security number (“credit card information”), account information, and information about the date, amount and nature of financial transactions;
Website Usage Information includes, but is not limited to, historical information regarding your usage of the Site, member IDs, listing or postings, and cookies. When you visit our website, we or third-parties acting on our behalf may place a “cookie” - a text file containing a randomly assigned number on your computer - so that we have the ability to customize the look and feel of our website for you. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may impede your use of certain of our website′s features. Using embedded tracking technology, we or third-parties acting on our behalf may also collect a variety of other information regarding your usage of our website, including your IP address, your username, your session ID, the name of the browser you are using, information regarding web pages you view, referring web pages and when you access our website, all of which is considered Website Usage Information.
Other Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, e-mail list data, mailing list data, and survey responses.
2. How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use Personal Information for any purpose ,including but not limited to, (i) our ability to communicate with your customer for the purposes of sending receipts or other transactional information, and (ii) sending information related to their participation in the Piryx Giving Stream system.
In addition, we or third-parties acting on our behalf use your Personal Information in the following ways:
to process transactions between you and us and/or between you and another person;
to customize the look and feel of our website for you;
to internally monitor our customers′ usage of the various aspects of our website in order to enhance the products and services that we currently or will offer in the future;
to send you material about topics on which you have requested more information;
to provide you with technical and other support; and
in public filings made to comply with state and federal laws, including, for example, Ethics Filings.
3. When We Disclose Your Personal Information
Except as explicitly stated in this privacy policy, we or third-parties acting on our behalf will not disclose to unaffiliated third parties any of your Personal Information without first obtaining your consent.
We may disclose any Public Filing Information to unaffiliated third parties without your express consent.
We or third-parties acting on our behalf do and will continue to disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties in the following circumstances:
if required by law, regulatory or court order, subpoena or other legal process;
if we determine that doing so would be in the public interest (for example, if we were to suspect that you were using our website in connection with the commission of a crime);
in connection with a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation of our company;
in connection with the sale or purchase of an item or service which includes Personal Information about you and which is offered for sale or purchase on the Site,
if you provide such information to us in connection with a promotion of a good or service offered by a third party, for purposes of such promotion, including, without limitation, sharing such information with that third party;
to provide you with certain services on our website, or goods and services offered through our website, that are provided by such parties, as reasonably required to provide such goods or services;
to process transactions between you and us and/or between you and another person, including but not limited to credit card transactions; and
in the context of working with third-party contractors engaged by us in the provision of our website or related matters.
After we or third-parties acting on our behalf disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties in such instances, we can no longer control the use or further disclosure of your Personal Information. Consequently, we or third-parties acting on our behalf will not be responsible to you for such use or further disclosure.
4. Correcting Your Information
You can ensure that your account information is correct and current by reviewing and updating it at any time. You may do so as often as necessary by sending us an e-mail, and we will assist you in updating your information.
5. A Note About Children Under 13
Use of the website is restricted to those over the age of thirteen (13). Piryx does not permit children under thirteen (13) to provide personal identifying information to Piryx. The Piryx website does not knowingly solicit, collect, use or disclose any personal information of anyone under the age of thirteen (13).
6. Parental Control Provisions
Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. § 230(d), as amended, we hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such protections is available at Get Net Wise, Safety.com or by using Google or other search engine to find Websites with the search phrase “parental control”.
7. Security
We and third-parties acting on our behalf take precautions involving physical, electronic, and managerial controls to protect from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, and alteration any of your Personal Information in our possession. We or third-parties acting on our behalf may employ industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer encryption and/or other encryption or security measures when requesting certain financial Person Information from you. We or third-parties acting on our behalf do not, however, use such encryption during your day-to-day use of our website. You should note that the confidentiality of any information transmitted over the Internet cannot be guaranteed.
8. Links to Other Sites
You should be aware that this privacy policy applies only to our website. Importantly, it does not apply to any other web or other sites to which a link may be provided as part of our website. We cannot control and are not responsible for the actions of third parties operating such sites. You should not take the existence of an affiliation with, or a link from, our website to any such other site to mean that it has a privacy policy similar to this one. You should review the privacy policy of any such site.
9. Changes to this Policy
As our business is a very dynamic one, we need to be able to make revisions to this privacy policy. Consequently, we reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. You should check this location for any updates and other changes.
