The following text is extracted and transformed from the ipaustralia.gov.au privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy | IP Australia
Our privacy policy summarises how we handle your personal information.
If you do not find the information you are looking for here, please read the full privacy policy.
You should read this policy if you are:
an applicant of an intellectual property (IP) right
an owner of an IP right
an attorney or agent for an applicant or owner
an individual whose personal information may be given to, or held, by IP Australia
a contractor, consultant, supplier or vendor of goods or services to IP Australia
a person seeking employment with IP Australia or
an IP Australia employee.
The Privacy Act
We comply with the  Privacy Act 1988  (Privacy Act) when we handle personal information.
The Privacy Act contains 13 Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) which provide the rules for how agencies must handle your personal information, including how you can request access to, and correction of, that information.
Detailed information on the Privacy Act and APPs can be found on the website of the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
Personal information handling
We collect personal information for purposes directly related to our functions or activities under related IP rights’ legislation.
For a detailed list of personal information we hold please read the information digest.
Disclosure
We do not give your personal information to other government agencies or private-sector organisations unless one of the following applies:
you have consented
you  would reasonably expect, or have been told, that information of that kind is usually passed to those bodies or agencies
the disclosure is required or authorised by law (such as IP Australia’s rights’ legislation) or
a general permitted situation under the Privacy Act exists, such as: it will prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to somebody's life, health or safety, or to take appropriate action in relation to suspected unlawful activity or serious misconduct.
Overseas recipients of personal information
We also disclose personal information to overseas recipients with consent or where authorised or required by, or under law, or in accordance with an international treaty or convention.
Disposal of personal information
When the personal information that we collect is no longer required, we destroy or delete it in a secure manner, in accordance with the requirements of the  Archives Act 1983  and IP Australia’s Record Disposal Authority.
Access and correction
You can request access to and correction of the personal information that we hold about you by contacting us.
Website usage and information policy
Our website contains links to other websites. IP Australia is not responsible for the content and the privacy practices of other websites.
We encourage individuals to examine each website's privacy policy.
Our website usage and information policy has more information about clickstream data, clicktails, cookies, tools used, email addresses and linking to external websites.
Privacy Impact Assessments
The Privacy (Australian Government Agencies – Governance) APP Code 2017 (Cth) (APP Code) requires that all Australian Government agencies, including IP Australia, conduct a Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) for each high privacy risk project.
The table below lists the PIAs completed by IP Australia since the APP Code came into effect on 1 July 2018.
Privacy Impact Assessment
|
Date
---|---
Privacy Impact Assessment for TM-Link – Release 1
|
July 2018
Privacy Impact Assessment for Customer Satisfaction Survey  | May 2019
