The following text is extracted and transformed from the realitytvrevisited.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-01-10. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Reality Tv Revisited: Privacy Policy
We use Google Adsense and Taboola as advertisers and  Google Analytics to monitor this website.
Google will not associate your IP address with other stored data by Google.
For more info about Google's Privacy Policy clickhere or here
For more info about Taboola's Privacy Policy, click  here
You can opt out of personalised advertising here and for third party ads here
You can disable all Doubleclick cookies here
You can opt out of all DAA Ad Services  here.
We use Google Analytics for statistical purposes only. We use the service to monitor page views per post, visitor numbers to the site as a whole and for a break down of landing pages.
Our tracking code has been modified so that your IP address and demographic information will not be collected and no user will be identifiable.
Google Analytics will only retain information for 14 months.
We do not download or store any data from Google Analytics.
You can opt out of having your data collected by Google Analytics by installing an add on locatedhere
GDPR
Individuals in the EU have the right for inaccurate data to be corrected.
Individuals in the EU  have the ** ** right for your data to be removed from this blog and all associated social media pages, this includes blog comments.
I will also happily review and amend data as necessary for those who fall outside of the scope of GDPR in order to keep information factual and accurate.
Please contact me at realitytvrevisited@gmail.com stating where the inaccurate data is located and how you wish this data to be corrected or the data you wish to be removed.
All data collected via Rafflecopter or SurveyMonkey for the purposes of  past giveaways/feedback will be deleted prior to 25 May 2018, none of this data has been shared with external organisations. I will cease to use these services at this time.
We do not collect or store email addresses or maintain any databases of visitor information.
You have the option to comment on this blog anonymously if you do not wish to be identfiable. I will remove any comments that you no longer wish to be visible. Please email me at realitytvrevisited@gmail.com to do so.
