The following text is extracted and transformed from the exilim.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Home | CASIO
CASIO COMPUTER CO., LTD. Personal Information Protection Policy
Personal Information Protection Policy
The corporate creed of CASIO COMPUTER CO., LTD. (CASIO) is "Creativity and Contribution", and we contribute to society through providing creative and superior products and services.
CASIO recognizes that the secure and appropriate handling of the personal information of all stakeholders involved in CASIO's business activities is an important social responsibility. We have defined the following "Personal Information Protection Policy", and endeavor to protect personal information.
Establishment and Continuous Improvement of Personal Information Protection Management System
CASIO has established, implemented and maintains a personal information protection management system for the secure and appropriate protection of personal information (which includes this Policy, the "Basic Regulations on Personal Information Protection", and other rules and regulations). CASIO also makes use of opportunities such as audits or reviews by the President and COO to continually improve this personal information protection management system.
Handling of Personal Information
CASIO has established a management system for the appropriate protection of personal information compliant with the "Basic Regulations on Personal Information Protection" and other relevant rules and regulations, taking into account the nature and scope of work in each department. CASIO also acquires, uses and provides personal information appropriately. In addition, CASIO does not handle personal information outside the scope of its intended use, and has the necessary measures in place to ensure this.
Implementation of Security Measures
CASIO takes appropriate information security measures to ensure the security and accuracy of personal information, such as safety measures, measures to prevent leakage, loss or damage, etc., as well as corrective measures.
Compliance with Laws, Regulations, the Guidelines Set by the Government, and Other Standards
CASIO complies with all applicable laws, regulations, the guidelines set by the government, and other standards applicable to personal information when handling personal information.
Respect For the Rights of Individuals
CASIO respects the rights of the individual in relation to their personal information. Where reasonable, CASIO complies with requests from individuals for the disclosure of their own data, the modification, addition or deletion of the contents thereof, or requests to stop the use thereof, to erase the data, or to stop the provision thereof to third parties.
Response to Queries and Complaints
CASIO has established systems and procedures to receive and respond to queries and complaints regarding the personal information it holds, and responds promptly to such queries and complaints.
Enacted: January 6, 2005
Amended: May 1, 2016
CASIO COMPUTER CO., LTD.
Kazuhiro Kashio, President and COO
Applicable Scope
This "Protection of Personal Information" guide defines the handling of the personal information of customers, etc. by CASIO.
Provision of Personal Information
Personal data is entrusted to CASIO by the individual to whom said data pertains, and the provision of personal information to CASIO is at the discretion of the individual. CASIO asks for the individual's understanding for certain cases, such as where personal information is required in order to fulfill a request, where if no data or only some personal information is provided CASIO may then be unable to cater to the request of the individual, or may be unable to respond adequately.
For personal information subject to disclosure under JIS Q15001, individuals may request the disclosure of their own data, or the modification, addition or deletion of the contents thereof, or request to stop the use thereof, to erase the data, or to stop the provision thereof to third parties.
— Personal data registered on membership websites and the like may be checked, modified, etc., by the individual in some cases. Check the site on which personal information was registered for further information.
— The above notwithstanding, contact the "Personal Information Protection Help Desk" shown in this guide in the event of a request for disclosure or the like.
Intended Use of Personal Information
CASIO uses the personal information of its customers and others for business purposes, and within the scope of the uses below.
The main business purposes for which CASIO uses personal information are as listed below.
The manufacture and sale of Timepieces, Electronic Dictionaries, Calculators, Label Printers, Electronic Musical Instruments, Digital Cameras, Handheld Terminals, Cash Registers, Office Computers, Page Printers, Data Projectors, Molds, etc., and provision of relevant services.
Customer personal information
Shipping and delivery of products and services
Sending information about products, services, and events
Providing product support and maintenance, and warranty service
Responding to customer inquiries
Providing membership services
Carrying out surveys and monitoring to improve products and services
Executing contracts
Negotiating, meeting, etc., with customers. Also, contacting customers in relation to the above
Personal data of other companies, organizations, government agency clients and business partners
Communications, negotiations, meetings, etc., required for business activities
Managing client and transaction information
Business shipments and deliveries
Implementing business surveys, etc.
Executing contracts
Reports, communications, inquiries, etc., to the competent authorities as required for CASIO business purposes
Shareholder personal information
Exercising rights and fulfilling obligations under the Commercial Code
Management pursuant to laws and regulations
Policies for shareholder benefit and the like, and implementing surveys, etc., for this purpose
Personal data of employment applicants
Implementing and managing recruitment activities
Providing recruitment information and the like to applicants for employment and communications, etc., required for recruitment activities
Personal data received from other companies and the like for outsourcing, etc.
Accepting commissions to develop and operate information systems
Other Personal information that is open to the public
Research and development, planning, marketing
Usage for purposes other than those described above
If personal information is to be acquired and used for purposes other than those described above, said purpose of use, and contact information for inquiries, shall be clearly indicated separately. In such cases the acquired personal information shall be used solely within the scope of the indicated purposes of use.
Non-Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties
CASIO does not provide the personal information it holds to third parties except where any of the following applies.
Where the consent of the individual has been obtained
Where pursuant to laws and regulations
Where required for the protection of human life, health, or property, and obtaining the consent of the individual would be difficult
Where there is a particular need for the improvement of public health or to promote the healthy development of children, and obtaining the consent of the individual would be difficult
Where cooperation with a government agency, local government body, or contractor thereof is required with respect to the performance of work as prescribed by law, and obtaining the consent of the individual may hinder the performance of this work
Where the handling of personal information is outsourced to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose of use. In this case, CASIO shall place contractual obligations, equal to those of CASIO, on the contractor for the appropriate management of personal information, and endeavor to prevent leakage or secondary provision, etc., of personal information from the contractor.
Where personal information is provided in conjunction with a merger or a succession of business for other reasons
Where the data has been processed in a manner which makes it impossible to identify a specific individual, such as in the form of statistical data
CASIO group companies which jointly use personal information are not included in the definition of "third party".
Joint Use of Personal Information
CASIO may jointly use the personal information provided by customers, etc. in the performance of business activities with group companies. When deemed necessary in such cases, data such as name, affiliation information such as workplace, job title, address, telephone number, fax number, email address and purchase history, etc., may be provided to CASIO group companies. In such cases the personal information is used within the scope of the purpose of use announced or notified at the time of acquisition. In addition, the person bearing the responsibility to manage said data shall be the Personal Information Manager of CASIO COMPUTER CO., LTD.
Handling of Personal Information on Websites
Request to Customers
Customers using CASIO websites may take advantage of most services without disclosing any personal information. Customer personal information is not collected if only accessing CASIO websites. However, be advised that certain services may not be available if personal information is not provided by the customer.
Be advised that CASIO cannot be held responsible for ensuring the security of personal information on external websites linked to from CASIO websites.
In the event that a customer inputs personal information on CASIO websites, it is assumed that said customer agrees to the "Protection of Personal Information" notice within this guide. Be advised that customers who do not agree to the contents of this guide may not be able to use the services provided (including responses to inquiries, etc.).
*Use of cookies
Some services offered by CASIO websites use "cookies". A "cookie" is used to provide services to the customer and identifies the computer being used by the customer; however it cannot be used to identify the actual customer unless the customer inputs personal information on the website. Information about a specific customer obtained through a "cookie" is used solely for the purpose of making CASIO websites more convenient for users. There is no danger of personal information being leaked to other websites through any "cookie" used when using CASIO websites.
Customers may disable "cookies" in browsers; however this may restrict the use of network services provided by CASIO.
Modifying Registered Data and Termination of Use
If a customer wishes to review, amend, etc., their own personal information as managed by CASIO, they can use the amendment request form available on websites, or contact the appropriate CASIO customer service. CASIO shall comply promptly where reasonable.
If the customer's own information as registered by the customer on some CASIO websites, such as membership websites, etc., pursuant to the method separately determined by CASIO, is modified, the customer's registered information will be deleted, after which re-registration takes place. In addition, be advised that in the event of such re-registration being delayed, there may be a period in which the customer is unable to receive information relating to the services provided by CASIO.
In cases such as those described below, where CASIO can reasonably determine that use of a service and management of registered information should be stopped, CASIO may immediately and without prior notice revoke the right of the customer to use the service.
— Where the customer registration is in violation of this guide or the regulations of the site in question
— Where the service is not used for a long period of time
— Where there are problems notifying or contacting the customer for an extended period of time
In the event that the customer's use of the service is terminated, or their right to use the service is revoked pursuant to the preceding Paragraph, CASIO may delete the registered information of that customer from CASIO databases, etc. In addition, as long as the customer has not requested the deletion of the registered information pursuant to the procedures separately determined by CASIO, CASIO is not obliged to delete the registered information of that customer from CASIO databases, etc.
Remarks
This guide is governed by the laws of Japan.
This guide may be amended without notice due to the enactment or revision of laws and regulations, etc., or in order to improve the contents.
This guide shall be applied from the date of enactment or amendment stated on the website.
Where separate regulations regarding the protection of personal information are prescribed when collecting personal information, and the consent of the customer has been obtained for such regulations, the provisions of said regulations, etc., shall take precedence.
Where circumstances not defined in this guide, or doubts regarding these regulations, arise such matters shall be resolved upon consultation in good faith between the customer and CASIO. In the event that said matters cannot be resolved through consultation and the need for litigation arises, Tokyo District Court shall be the agreed court of jurisdiction.
Most recent amendment: March 8, 2018
