The following text is extracted and transformed from the serpstat.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Serpstat - Analyze. Optimize. Maximize - Privacy_policy Users
This Privacy Policy related to the personal data (hereinafter referred to as “the Policy”) shall apply to all personal data, which Serpstat service can obtain from the User, while using the official Web-site of Serpstat as follows: http://serpstat.com (hereinafter referred to as “the Web-site”), using Internet-services, services, participation in advertising and marketing campaigns or promotions and/or another cooperation with Serpstat (hereinafter referred to as “the Services”).
Serpstat shall not control and not be liable for the Web-sites of the third parties, which the User can visit due to the links, available at Serpstat Web-site. There can be own privacy policy on the Web-sites of the third parties and the User can be requested or collected other personal data.
This Policy explains, how Serpstat processes and protects personal information of users.
Using the Services and providing Serpstat with information, required for initiation of the further cooperation, you shall accept its use in accordance with this Policy.
For certain Services, Serpstat can publish additional provisions, supplementing this Policy.
Serpstat uses analytical tools and the third-party technologies such as Google Analytics to collect impersonal data about the users of the Service.
Serpstat shall be obliged to ensure confidentiality of information of all visitors of the Web-site.
User Personal Data Obtained and Processed by Serpstat:
Within this Policy user personal information shall be understood to mean:
Personal data, which the User shall provide about himself on his own during the registration (creation of the personal account) on the Web-site or while using the Services. Information, obligatory for provision (rendering) of the Services, shall be clearly marked. Such information shall include electronic mail, contact telephone number, bank details.
Other information about the User, collection and/or provision of which is determined by Serpstat for rendering additional individual Services, of wich it is clearly indicated when ordering individual Services.
Information about the financial operations made between the Parties of the User Agreement.
Data about visits and use of the Web-site by the User. Each time you visit the Web-site, our servers automatically record information, that your browser sends, whenever you visit Web pages. As a rule, this information activates the requested Web page, computer IP-address, browser type, language settings of the browser, the date and time of the request, referral source, duration of visits and scrolled over pages, as well as one or more cookie files, which may precisely identify your browser.
Cookie files:
Serpstat uses cookie files on the Web-site.
Serpstat can send cookie files, which are stored in your browser or your computer memory.
Serpstat can use the information obtained by means of cookie to manage the Web-site, to improve user experience and for the purposes of marketing.
Serpstat also can use this information to identify your computer, when you visit the Web-site, and for personalization of the Web-site for you.
Experts of Serpstat in context of advertising also can send you cookie files.
Serpstat can use anonymous cookie files to obtain information of impersonal nature, such as activity on the Web-site, date and time of visit and type of domain. As well as to use this information for retargeting.
Link references. On this Web-site link references can be in such a format, which allows monitoring, if the visitors use them. This information shall be used to improve the quality of our advertisement.
The Objectives of Processing Personal Information of Users
Serpstat shall process only that personal data, which is required to render and improve the quality of the Services.
Personal information of user Serpstat can use for the purposes as follows:
For identification of party within the rendering of the Services.
For provision to the user of personalized Services.
For improvement of the Services quality and development of new one.
For performance of statistical and other studies on the basis of impersonal data.
For provision of user personal data to the copyright holders, distributors, or resellers of software for the purpose to register software in the name of user or organization, the interests of which the user represents.
For the other marketing purposes of the Service.
Implementation and/or performance of functions, powers and obligations, imposed on Serpstat by the legislation.
Transfer of User Personal Data to the Third Parties:
Serpstat shall not provide the third parties with access to your personal data and not disclose your personal data, except for our service provider, such as electronic payment system (for example, Stripe):
Service providers can have access to your personal data, required for performance of their functions, but they do not have a right to disclose or use such data for any other purposes.
Serpstat shall be entitled to transfer personal information of user to the third parties in the cases as follows:
The User gave his consent to such actions, including for the purpose of registering software in the name of user by the copyright holders, distributors, or resellers of software.
Transfer is required to achieve goals, performance and exercise of rights, functions, powers and obligations, imposed by the legislation of the country of registration of Netpeak Ltd. Company.
Serpstat shall have a right to publish and share with affiliates the generalized information of impersonal nature, for example, tendencies in using the Services.
Safety of Your Personal Data
Providing Serpstat with personal data upon registration, you agree to transfer them, as well as agree with the processing and storage.
Serpstat shall take required and sufficient organizational and technical measures to protect personal data of user against unauthorized or failure access, destruction, change, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as against other wrongful acts with personal data of the third parties. You shall realize, that it is impossible to guarantee complete safety of data transfer on the Internet.
Serpstat shall take all required, within due limits, measures to ensure the safety of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as well as removal of outdated or false or excessive personal data, however, the User shall be responsible for provision of reliable information, as well as for update of the data provided in case of any changes.
Serpstat shall keep all your personal data at our reliable servers. You shall be responsible for confidentiality of your password. Serpstat shall not ask users to tell us password to their personal accounts.
Revision of the Privacy Policy
From time to time, Serpstat can review the provisions of the Privacy Policy and publish new version on the Web-site. The User shall be obliged to check this page and familiarize himself with changes.
