The following text is extracted and transformed from the drinkaware.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-30. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Drinkaware
We analyse your contact details with other personal information that we observe about you from your interactions with our Site or when downloading or using our App and Tools such as the IP address, operating system and browser type of your device.
Where you have given your consent (where lawfully required), we use cookies, log files and other technologies to collect personal information from the computer hardware and software you use to access the Site, or from your mobile. This includes the following:
an IP address to monitor Site traffic and volume;
a session ID to track usage statistics on our Site;
information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, buying habits, experiences with our products and contact preferences.
Our web pages and e-mails contain “cookies” "web beacons" or “pixel tags.” (“ Tags ”). Tags allow us to track receipt of an e-mail to you, to count users that have visited a web page or opened an e-mail and collect other types of aggregate information. Once you click on an e-mail that contains a Tag, your contact information may subsequently be cross-referenced to the source e-mail and the relevant Tag.
In some of our e-mail messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to certain websites administered by us or on our behalf. We may track click-through data to assist in determining interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of these communications.
Please see our cookie policy_ for further information. _
_This information is used to create profiles and insights about your use of our Site and Services. Where we have your consent to do so, we will also use your location data for insight purposes.   _
By using this information, we are able to measure the effectiveness of our content and how visitors use our Sites and our Services. This allows us to learn what pages of our Sites are most attractive to our visitors, which parts of our Sites are the most interesting and what kind of content our registered users like to see.
We also use this information to help us with the selection of future product and service lines, store and websites design.
We also use this information for marketing purposes (see the marketing section below for further details).
Who do we share your personal information with for this purpose?
We share your personal information with a variety of third party service providers to assist us with User insight analytics.
What is our legal basis?
Where your personal information is completely anonymised, we do not require a legal basis to use it under data protection laws as the information will no longer constitute personal information that is regulated under such laws. However, our collection and use of such anonymised personal information may be subject to other laws where your consent is required.
Where your personal information is not in an anonymous form, it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal information in such a way to ensure that we provide the very best services to you and our other customers and users.
