The following text is extracted and transformed from the dripfeedlinks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: November 10, 2016
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Humankind Design L.P. products and/or services.  This privacy policy will notify you of the following:
What personal information is collected from you through our products, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
What Information is Collected:
Information you give us, for example, your name, email address, date of birth, telephone number, payment and billing information.
Information you upload, submit, store, send from, or receive through your use of our products and services.
Information we get from use of our products and services, including device information, IP address, and location information.
How Your Information is Used:
Respond and/or communicate with you
Promote our services
Provide, improve, and develop our services
Bill and collect money owed to us
Send you system notifications and updates
Meet legal requirements
Provide suggestions to you
Enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law
Provide information to representatives, partners, agents, and advisors
Prosecute and defend a court, arbitration or similar legal proceeding
Show and measure ads and services
Promote safety and security
How Is Your Information Shared:
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers.
We may also share information with partners to provide specific services.
Advertising, measurement, and analytics services (non-personally identifiable information only).
What Security Measures are in Place :
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, we take reasonable precautions to protect your information both online and offline.
Whenever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
In the event of a security breach, we will immediately notify you and take necessary steps to remedy the breach.
How Can I Manage or Delete Information About Me?
You can log into your user’s profile and correct, amend, or delete information about yourself.
We store data for as long as it is necessary to provide products and services to you and others, including those described above. Subject to any laws or regulations which set different requirements, information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Users are able to change their personal information by emailing us at support@hkseo.us.
How Does Our Site Handle Do Not Track Signals?:
Our sites do not look for or utilize “Do Not Track” signals from any web browser.  If you are concerned about your privacy and/our collection and use of your data, do not use our services.
Third parties are not able to collect personally identifiable information of consumers while they are on the site.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
How to Contact Humankind Design LP with Questions
Humankind Design Ltd.
820 S. Friendswood Drive, Suite 205
Friendswood, Texas 77546
support@hkseo.us
