The following text is extracted and transformed from the austinhomesearch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Site Policies | Austin real estate | Homes for Sale Austin | Austin Homes
The Austin Board of REALTORS® collects the following types of information from users of its website located at www.AustinHomeSearch.com in order to provide users with an experience that is tailored to their real estate needs.
You may provide us with contact information.
Our web server may gather information based on your usage of www.AustinHomeSearch.com and the pages you visit (this includes information you may communicate directly to us via the website).
From time to time, we may conduct surveys and you may complete applications from which we obtain information about you.
The information collected by the Austin Board of REALTORS® over AustinHomeSearch.com is used in the following ways.
To customize individual user experiences while using the website and to tailor information delivered t the user via the website and contact information provided by the user.
To track usage of the site
To inform you of current issues affecting real estate.
To connect you with the real estate professional(s) who are associated with listing date in which you indicate an interest. Your information may be shared with this professional(s) who may use the information you provide to contact you directly.
Except as otherwise stated in this privacy policy, the Austin Board of REALTORS® will not sell or otherwise provide your contact information except when required by law or valid legal process, or to protect the personal safety of our members or the public.
You may opt-out of receiving information through this website at any time by contacting the Marketing staff at the Austin Board of REALTORS® at 512-454-7636 or 10900 Stonelake Blvd, Suite 100, Austin, TX78759.
Please note that our site contains links that may take you to sites operated by a third party other than the Austin Board of REALTORS®. If you click on one of these links, you understand that you are no longer on the Austin Board of REALTORS® site located at www.AustinHomeSearch.com and this policy no longer applies. The Austin Board of REALTORS® has no control over third-party sites or their operation.
