The following text is extracted and transformed from the schoolworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-06. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
SchoolWorld Privacy Policy
schoolworld
|
Schoolworld Privacy Policy
SchoolWorld Software is committed to protecting our visitors and our customers privacy over the Internet. We will never willfully disclose individual information about you to any third party.
The purpose of this statement is to review the information collected about visitors to the web site and explain the uses and limitations on the distribution of this information.
SchoolWorld does not store any "cookies" or other information on your computer - nor do we collect any information from your computer. As a result, unless you explicitly ask that you be put on one of our lists by completing and submitting an application, you will not have told us who you are or have your name or other identification stored in our database.
Any information you submit to us will only be used to communicate with you regarding the purpose for which you submitted the information. We do not sell or disclose information about our customers or those who have submitted applications or otherwise provided information unless required by law.
The SchoolWorld Software web site contains links to other web sites that might be of interest to our visitors. While we are selective in linking to other sites, we cannot guarantee that their privacy policies are consistent with those of SchoolWorld Software. As a result, you should be alert to the policies of those sites you visit. Most recent revision: November, 2001. For further information, please contact the Privacy Coordinator at SchoolWorld Software. |
|
Please email, phone or mail comments and questions.
©1996-2002 SchoolWorld Software, Inc.
201 S. Winebiddle St.   Pittsburgh, PA 15224
(800) 647-1200   (412) 395-2000
FAX (800) 832-9242
| Site Map
**  Company Information
| Customer Testimonials, Customer Service, Contact Us, Privacy Policy, Home Page, Company History, Our Founder!
Product/Pricing/Purchasing Info
| On-line Catalog, Web Hot List, Volume Discounts, Software Licensing, Order Form, Sign On/Register, Eligibility for Educational Pricing
Others**
| School of the Month, Educational Resources, General Information
Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of all information contained herein. SchoolWorld makes no warranty expressed or implied with respect to accuracy of the information, including price, product editorials or product specifications. Product and manufacturer names are used only for the purpose of identification. Company and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of respective companies. SchoolWorld is a registered trademark.
