The following text is extracted and transformed from the findasiaweb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Welcome to Find Asia Web
Nobel Prizes
We at Findasiaweb take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
Findasiaweb respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use our Individually identifiable information about you is not disclosed to any third party as explained in this privacy policy ("Privacy Statement").
What Information Do We Collect?
Findasiaweb does not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information in the form of an email.
Links to Other Sites
The sites displayed as search results or linked to by Findasiaweb are developed by people over whom Findasiaweb exercises no control. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
With Whom Does Findasiaweb Share Information?
Findasiaweb will not share information about you with any advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Is Findasiaweb Adware, Spyware or Malware?
Findasiaweb does not monitor, collect data or 'spy' on its user base. Any software program that is implying or reporting that Findasiaweb is 'adware', 'spyware' or 'malware' is incorrect. Findasiaweb is incapable of tracking your overall web use or deciphering anything on your hard drive. Findasiaweb does not display pop-ups or any type of advertising.
How does Findasiaweb make any money?
Some of the search engines listed in the Findasiaweb may pay a listing fee or may share revenue from advertising within the search results (sponsored links).
Your consent and changes to the Privacy Policy
Findasiaweb may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please Contact Us or you can mail us at: info@Findasiaweb.com
Suspected U.S. missiles kill 6 in Pakistan Four suspected U.S. missiles slammed into a house in northwestern Pakistan on Sunday, killing six people in an area near the Afghan border teeming with local and foreign militants, intelligence officials said.
Afghans losing patience in war
U.S. and NATO forces will stay in Afghanistan for at least another four years, yet there are growing signs that the West has already worn out its welcome.
NATO: We won't abandon Afghanistan
NATO nations formally agreed Saturday to start turning over Afghanistan's security to its military next year and give local forces full control by 2014. President Barack Obama said for the first time that his goal is to end U.S. combat missions in Afghanistan by that year.
Tiger, elephant killers face 12 years in prison Bangladesh has approved a law that sets jail terms of up to 12 years for deliberately killing tigers and other wild animals, officials said Saturday.
Rat catching: Dark side of India's dream
Put aside for a moment those stories about a great nation of engineering geniuses, billionaires and youthful promise, whose economy might one day outpace China's.
Army court stays murder prosecution of soldier A military appeals court has ordered Army prosecutors to halt proceedings against one of five U.S. soldiers charged with murdering unarmed Afghan civilians and staging them to appear as combat casualties.
Study: Few Afghans know of 9/11, reason for war Afghans in two crucial provinces are almost completely unaware of the September 11 attacks on the U.S. and don't know they precipitated the foreign intervention now in its 10th year.
Pakistani officials: US missiles kill 4 in vehicle Suspected U.S. missiles destroyed a moving vehicle near Pakistan's border with Afghanistan on Friday, killing four alleged militants inside it, Pakistani intelligence officials said.
Bad weather strands thousands near Everest
Around 2,000 foreign tourists and their porters have spent the past five days stuck in a tiny village 9,186 feet up the slopes of a hill near Everest due to bad weather.
