The following text is extracted and transformed from the managebuilding.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Buildium
Last updated November 22, 2010
We know privacy is important to you. It’s important to us, too. That’s why we will never give your personal information to anyone except as required by law. Period. End of story. This Privacy Policy explains how we use the information we collect from you. We’ve tried hard to avoid any legalese, preferring plain English instead. If you have any questions about our policy, please let us know.
Michael Monteiro, Co-Founder
Definitions
“We,” “us,” and “Buildium, LLC” refer to Buildium, LLC, a limited liability company formed in the state of Massachusetts.
“Buildium” refers to the services offered by Buildium, LLC.
“Subscriber” refers to an individual or entity using our services.
“Personal Information” refers to information about a Subscriber.
“Application Data” refers to tenants, leases, and other similar data a Subscriber enters in Buildium.
“Website” refers to www.buildium.com.
“Visitor” refers to an individual who visits any of our Websites.
Types of Information We Collect
Anonymous Information
When you visit our Website, we store files called “cookies” on your computer. We use these cookies to identify when you return to our Website and to analyze aggregate information like the number of unique visitors to our Website. Google may also use these cookies to display interest-based ads across their Display Network on our behalf. You can opt out of these ads by visiting Google’s advertising opt out page. If you disable cookies on your browser, you can still visit our Website, but you will not be able to use Buildium. That’s because we also use cookies to help us identify you after you have logged in.
Personal Information
When you sign up for Buildium, you give us Personal Information like your name, address, email, phone number, and billing information. You also reveal your IP address, browser, operating system, platform, and other similar information.
Application Data and Usage Information
We can see the tenants, leases, and other similar data you enter into Buildium. We also collect usage information that tells us how you utilize Buildium and we aggregate non-identifiable information like median market rents, vacancy rates, and other similar information used for benchmarking.
Email Analytics
When we send you an email, we may track when you open it and when you click on a link in the email. We do this to measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns.
Use of Your Personal Information
We use your Personal Information only as follows:
To promote the use of Buildium and other related services. For example, if you give us your contact information and do not sign up, we may send you an email asking whether you want to sign up. Additionally, if you use Buildium, we may send you an email or direct mail piece telling you about a related service from us or one of our partners.
To bill and collect money for the use of Buildium. For example, we may send you an email asking you for a different payment method or otherwise to try to collect money owed. We use a third-party to process ACH and credit card payments. Our payment processor does not store, retain, or use your Personal Information for any other purpose.
To communicate with you about your account.
To inform you about planned outages, new features, and changes to our Privacy Policy.
To provide customer support and obtain feedback.
To support and improve Buildium including adding features and providing benchmarks based on aggregating and analyzing data across Subscribers.
To meet legal requirements like complying with court orders and valid subpoenas.
To transfer your information in the event of the sale of substantially all of the assets of our business to a third-party or in the event of a merger, consolidation, or acquisition. However, in such event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy.
Use of Your Application Data
Your application data belongs to you. You may update, delete, or export (download) your data from Buildium at any time. We will not share your application data with anyone except as required by law. However, we may share non-identifiable aggregate information like median market rents, vacancy rates, and other similar information with third-parties. Only authorized personnel have access to view your data.
We will use your Application Data only as follows:
To provide customer support and obtain feedback.
To support and improve Buildium including adding features and providing benchmarks based on aggregating and analyzing data across Subscribers.
To provide services through third-parties like tenant screening, electronic tax filing, electronic payments, outsourced mailing, and others.
To meet legal requirements like complying with court orders and valid subpoenas.
To transfer your information in the event of the sale of substantially all of the assets of our business to a third-party or in the event of a merger, consolidation, or acquisition. However, in such event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy.
Notification of Changes
We will email you when we make any changes to our Privacy Policy. If we expand on how we use your Personal Information for marketing purposes, you can opt out by emailing our customer care team.
Questions
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please email or mail us at:
Buildium, LLC
Privacy Department
225 Franklin St, #350
Boston, MA 02110
