The following text is extracted and transformed from the manipalworldnews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy policy | Manipal World News
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is intended to protect an individual's privacy and seeks to explain the type of information The Telegraph collects from visitors to its site, what manipalworldnews.com does with that information, and how users may find out more about this profile. This policy may change from time to time so please check it frequently. We at manipalworldnews.com wants to make your user experience satisfying and safe. Our data collection policies allow individuals to choose what information they want to provide us and to control how that infromation will be used by ZillR. Our objective is to provide you with a good experience while allowing you to control your privacy and giving you a means to voice any questions or concerns you may have. Information Collected Technical and routing information about the visitor's computer is collected when he/she visits manipalworldnews.com. This facilitates use of the site by the Visitor. For example, the IP address of the visitors originating Internet Service Provider may be recorded, to ensure the best possible service and use the Visitors IP address to track his/her use of the site. manipalworldnews.com also record the browser, operating system, page visited to determine the nature of the users. These information may be collected by using cookies/sessions. "Cookies" are small date files, typically made up of a string of text and numbers, which assign a unique identifier to the visitors. Cookies may be sent to the visitor's browser and / or stored on manipalworldnews.com Servers. We use cookies to identify the visitors location, theme selected and maintain users session . The visitor may set the browser to not to accept cookies but that would limit the functionality and visitor will not be bale to make login or change the design/layout of the website. manipalworldnews.com contains advertisements and/or contents which may have cookies maintained or tracked by the ad server or third parties.manipalworldnews.com does not have control or access to such cookies. The Visitor should contact these companies directly if visitor have any questions about their collection or use of information. **Information sharing.  ** manipalworldnews.com does not sell the visitor's email address or other identifying information to third parties but can send affliates promotional emails to you by manipalworldnews.com servers. manipalworldnews.com may provide to others the aggregate statistics about activities taking place on its site or related site activity for purposes of marketing or promotion. manipalworldnews.com may disclose information about the Visitor to others if manipalworldnews.com has a good faith and belief that it is required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect its rights, property or safety.
Get updates from Manipal World News
Happy Birthday
Congratulations
Happy Birthday Sister
Sad Demise
Happy Birthday
Congratulations
Sad Demise
Happy Birthday
Happy Wedding Anniversary
Best wishes of Deepavali to all the people of this land.
Sad Demise
Alliance
Jingle Bells 2013
Manasa Residency
Penthouse For Sale.
Reday Flats Available
House For Sale
Udupi Property
Beach Property
Position December 2013
For New Flats Booking
Shan Compupoint
Nidhiland
Royal Health Clinic
Sri Vaishnavi Devi
SMS News Alerts
Subscribe and get SMS News Alerts on your mobile
This service is only available in India
Find a Property to Buy Sale or Rent
Manipal World News Poll
Who is the best choice for PM?
Rahul Gandhi
Narendra Modi
Priyanka Vadra
Mulayam Singh Yadav
None of above
