The following text is extracted and transformed from the gorillamillions.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-02-26. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Earn 1 Million Dollars from the Internet. Shocking Secrets about Internet Marketing REVEALED!
|  |  |  |
---|---
** Your privacy is the most imporatant thing for Go4millions.com. We will never sell, rent or give your email address or any personal information to any person or company unless you allow us do so.  **
Go4millions.com explicitly asks when it needs information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Go4Millions.com asks for general contact information and, where appropriate, credit card information. You may update this information at any time, most of it from within your Go4Millions.com Control Panel by clicking the Change Profile link.
Go4Millions.com and our service partners use your Personal Information to operate the Go4Millions.com site and services, to communicate with you regarding your Go4Millions.com account and to compile general demographic statistics.
Go4Millions.com may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on  Go4Millions.com or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Go4Millions.com, the site or the users of Go4Millions.com; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Go4Millions.com, the site or the public.
As part of your participation in any of the Go4Millions.com services, Go4Millions.com allows you to elect to receive or not receive certain information and e-mail from Go4Millions.com or its service partners. New users will receive Go4Millions.com account specific information explaining the features provided by the service as appropriate. From time to time, Go4Millions.com may be required to send you information about the service or your account. Except as mentioned above, Go4Millions.com will not send you unsolicited information, commercial offers or advertisements, including e-mail.
If at any time you believe that Go4Millions.com has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail at  privacy@go4millions.com and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem.
HOME | HOW IT WORKS | SIGN UP! | MEMBERS | FAQ | SUPPORT | TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY STATEMENT | SPAM POLICY | REPORT SPAM HERE!
This program is sponsored by WWRO Inc.
Go4Millions Software is Designed & Hosted by WEB CARRIERS.
All brands,  trademarks, and service names mentioned in this website are the
property of WWRO Inc & Go4Millions.
Copyright © Go4millions.com 2001.
All Rights Reserved.
