The following text is extracted and transformed from the product.info privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-25. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Product.info
|  |
Information Collected From Users:
This website collects two (2) pieces of information from its visitors. The first is the visitors' IP address. The second is information about the user-agent of each visitor.
How User Collected Information Is Used:
The information collected may be sent to third-party entities. These entities include, but not limited to, content providers and advertising networks (ad-networks).  For some content providers this information is a requirement in order for us to request and/or display content from them. Each content provider may have different needs for requiring information from our visitors. The owners and affiliates of this website do not know how third-party entities use this information. For further information on how third party content providers use the information refer to the policies that are set forth at their website(s). Below is a list of content providers that this website uses. The information collected from users may also be sent to third-party advertising networks, ad agencies, or other entities this website uses to display advertisements. User informtion is not purchased, sold, stored, or cached by this website.
Content Providers:
The content found by using product.info is readily available on the open internet. Currently we display content from:
YouTube - Product reviews, comparisons, demonstrations, tests, and commercials.
Shopping.com - Comparison shopping from one of the world's biggest product catalog consisting thousands of merchants and millions of products.
eBay - The world's biggest online marketplace where millions of products are purchased and traded everyday.
Amazon - A marketplace leader for millions of products.
Your Choices:
The use of this website is "at will". In order for this website to provide content to it's end users, we must collect the information described above from it's users. This website must provide content partners, ad-networks, and other entities the required information in order to display content.  By using this website you allow us to retrieve the personnel information mentioned above for the purposes mentioned above. Your only other option is to not use this website.
United Engineering Services, LLC.
