The following text is extracted and transformed from the soccer-picks.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-21. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy of Soccer-Picks paid soccer tips services Football picks
On Soccer-picks.org we are committed to protect your privacy. These terms set out the basis on which we hold personal information about you. This Policy does not apply to other entities that we do not own or control or persons that are not our employees, agents or within our control.
Collection of Data
Our registration process requires a personal data. Providing us with other information is at your option. Please take note that your user name, e-mail address, or other submissions that you make on this site may contain your real name or other personally identifiable information and, as a result, may appear on this site. We also automatically receive general information that is contained in our server log files such as your IP address and cookie information.
Use of Private Data
We may use Data to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Your Data will not be provided to third parties except: - if Soccer-picks.org is required to disclose such Personal Information by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
Protection of Privacy data
All of your private data is secured on our website by our systems with strong passwords and custom made technology.
Information and Deletion of Privacy data
You have full right to know all of your private data that we save on our website/server. You can also force us to delete permanently all of your private data. Just send us e-mail on info@soccer-picks.org or use our contacts on the website.
No guarantees
While this Privacy Policy states our standards for maintenance of Data and we will make efforts to meet them, we are not in a position to guarantee these standards. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in disclosure of data. As a consequence, we disclaim any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of Data.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Policy or our web site, please feel free to contact our support department.
Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to our collection and use of your personal data for the purposes set out above. In the event that we decide to change our privacy policy we will post such changes on this page in order that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Useful information
How to buy
soccer pick - 25 $
monthly subscription - 190 $
SUPER tip - 170 $
tipster's tip - 99 $
7 tipster's tips - 399 $
20 tipster's tips - 899 $
FAQ Frequently Asked Questions
Asian handicap - perfect betting style. Full explanation with examples.
Under/Over - predict goals limit. Examples and more.
European handicap - euro betting style. Find out more.
Why choose us and use our professional insider picks
What is Soccer Pick - definitions and strategy
What is SUPER Tip - guarantees and some useful info
What is Soccer Tip - prediction of tipsters
Articles Useful articles, comments and analysis
Livescore
click here to view
Soccer live score
Enjoy our livescore service comprise all world leagues EPL,Seria A,Primera division, Bundesliga, Scotland, France, World Cup, Champions League.
Reviews, Analysis, Bookmakers, Interviews, Statistics, Information, Free predictions, Free soccer tips sport picks etc.
