The following text is extracted and transformed from the veevavault.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-17. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Veeva and Privacy | Veeva
Effective Date: November 12, 2019
Veeva Systems Inc. (“Veeva Systems”, “Veeva”, or the “Company”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”) is committed to secure and trustworthy Internet commerce and the individual’s right to privacy. This Privacy Statement applies to all Affiliates, Websites and Services owned and operated by Veeva.
This Privacy Statement describes how Veeva information practices collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information.
To see more information about the following aspects of Veeva’s privacy practices, please click on the links below:
Veeva and Your information
Veeva and Customer Data
Veeva and Health Care Professional Data
Veeva and GDPR
Veeva and Privacy Shield
Veeva and EU Model Clauses
Veeva and Security
Veeva and Website Cookies
Veeva and Trust
Veeva and Communication
Veeva Systems offers customers and visitors who provide contact information a means to choose how the Company uses the information provided. You may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of the Company’s marketing emails.
Additionally, you may send a request specifying your communication preferences to privacy@veeva.com. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their usage of Veeva Systems’ Services Platform or Veeva Network.
Veeva’s Global Data Protection Officer is happy to help with questions or inquiries.
Veeva Systems Inc.
4280 Hacienda Drive
Pleasanton, CA 94588 USA
privacy@veeva.com
Veeva and Change
Veeva Systems reserves the right to update this Privacy Statement to reflect changes to our information practices. We will provide notification of material changes to this statement through the Company’s Web sites or to our Customer via email prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
