The following text is extracted and transformed from the plotaroute.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-26. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
plotaroute.com - Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
About this policy
This privacy policy sets out how Spidersphere Ltd. uses and protects any information that you give when you use plotaroute.com. Spidersphere Ltd. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Spidersphere Ltd. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Who are we?
Spidersphere Ltd. is a web development business (Registered Company Number 111337087), registered at Melrose, Westbrook Road, Godalming, Surrey, UK, GU7 2QH. Spidersphere Ltd. owns and manages plotaroute.com.
What personal information do we collect?
We need very little personal information to provide the services we offer, so only collect the following, when you create an account on plotaroute.com :
your name
your email address
your country (derived from other data sent by your web browser)
your weight (optional, used to improve Calorie calculations)
You may, if you wish, choose to provide additional personal information as part of any content you save and share on plotaroute.com. Such content is not essential for us to operate the website and is provided at your own risk. We will not use this content for any other purposes without your permission, unless you have chosen to share it openly on plotaroute.com.
How do we use the personal information we gather?
We use your personal information to identify you and provide you with a better service, in particular for the following reasons:
internal record keeping;
to notify you about actions of other users of plotaroute.com that relate to content your have created on the website (Notifications);
to tailor various features on the website according to your location;
to improve our products and services;
to periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting;
to contact you, from time to time, for market research purposes.
You may choose to restrict our use of your personal information in the following ways:
when you create an account with plotaroute.com , you can choose whether or not you wish to receive promotional emails and Notifications by email;
after you have created an account with plotaroute.com , you can change you email preferences by visiting your "My Account" page.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.
How long do we retain your personal information?
We retain your personal information for as long as you hold an account with plotaroute.com. You can delete your account at any time from your “My Account” page on the Website.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and operational procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
When you create a password protected account on plotaroute.com , this will give you access to personal information and other private content that you have provided. You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small files which are downloaded to the device you use when you visit a website and then resent to the website's server when you make a new request. They track and store information about your interactions and usage of websites.
The plotaroute.com website relies on cookies to provide the features offered and to deliver a more tailored user experience. We also use tracking cookies to monitor visitors to the website to better understand how they use it. These tracking cookies will track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
By using plotaroute.com you agree that we can place cookies on your device.
If you wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from plotaroute.com on to your device, you should take necessary steps within your web browser's security settings to block all cookies from plotaroute.com and its external service providers.
Google Maps
The plotaroute.com website uses various mapping services provided by Google. These are subject to Google's Privacy Policy.
Links to other websites
The plotaroute.com website may contain links, including advertisements, to websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to the plotaroute.com website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
How you can access and update your personal information?
You can access and modify all the essential personal information we ask for, on your “My Account” and "My Settings" pages on plotaroute.com.
If you believe that any of the information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can correct this on your “My Account” or "My Settings" pages or you can notify us using the “Contact Us” page on the website. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect, once we have verified your identity.
You may also request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held about you please write to us using the “Contact Us” page on the website.
Review of this policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in September 2018.
