The following text is extracted and transformed from the investfeed.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-30. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
investFeed - Privacy
Preambule
Welcome to the website investFeed.com (hereinafter "website"). We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will treat your personal information. This Privacy Policy is an incorporated part of our Terms of Use.
By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Any use or access to the website by anyone under the age of 18 is prohibited. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on the website or on or through any of its features, register on the website, use any of the interactive or public comment features on the website, or provide any information about yourself to us.
Credit
This document was created by Legal council.
Collecting personal information
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths);
information that you provide to us when registering with our website (including your name, username and your email address);
information that you provide when completing your profile on our website (including your name, profile pictures, location, Website, Time Zone, description, Profile Type, Market Strategy);
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email and SMS notifications and/or newsletters (including email address and phone number);
information that you provide to us when using the services on our website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services (including the timing, frequency and pattern of service use);
any other personal information that you choose to send to us;
information that you post to our website for publication on the internet (including your user name, your profile pictures and the content of your posts);
information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us or send through our website (including the communication content and metadata associated with the communication).
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person's consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
Using personal information
Personal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
administer our website and business;
personalize our website for you;
enable your use of the services available on our website;
send you non-marketing commercial communications;
send you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
send you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
send you marketing communications relating to our business and/or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by email (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
provide third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information);
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;
keep our website secure and prevent fraud; and
If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on our website, and can be adjusted using privacy controls on the website.
We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third party's direct marketing.
Disclosing personal information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention);
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
International data transfers
Personal information that you publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
Retaining personal information
This Section 7 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 7, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Security of personal informational
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We may notify you of changes to this policy by email and/or through the private messaging system on our website.
Your rights
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Third party websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
we use cookies to recognise a computer when a user visits our website, track users as they navigate the website, improve the website's usability, administer the website, prevent fraud and improve the security of the website, personalise the website for each user, target advertisements which may be of particular interest to specific users, validate authenticated users sessions, facilitate the use of our website search engine.
Our details
This website is owned and operated by INVESTFEED, Inc.
We are registered in Delaware, US.
Our office is at 135 E 57th St. New York, NY 10022, USA .
You can contact us:
by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time.
