The following text is extracted and transformed from the bath.ac.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-11-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy and cookie policy
This policy applies to the following domains:
www.bath.ac.uk
blogs.bath.ac.uk
go.bath.ac.uk
status.bath.ac.uk
Other subdomains of bath.ac.uk may have separate policies.
All personal data is collected and stored in line with the General Data Protection Regulation. See our Data Protection Policy for more details.
We collect the following data:
your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and details of which version of web browser you used
information on how you use the site, using cookies and web access logs
We use this data to:
improve the site by monitoring how you use it
gather feedback to improve our services
We only use personal information that you provide to us for the purpose stated at the time we request it. We do not disclose this information to a third party unless you authorise it or as otherwise permitted by the General Data Protection Regulation.
We retain data for 38 months in Google Analytics before it is deleted.
We may use data in web access logs if there is a security breach and we could use them to trace the breach.
We do not give or sell any information gathered from web access logs to any third party.
We may put small files (known as ‘cookies’) onto your computer to collect information about how you browse the site.
You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer by adjusting your web browser preferences. This may interfere with some of the functionality of the site.
We use cookies to:
provide essential functionality like making sure you stay logged in
measure how you use the website so it can be updated and improved based on your needs
help us understand the performance of our marketing activity and improve the relevance of the adverts you see
This data is used by us and our agents.
Cookies we use
These are the cookies we use with links to the relevant cookie policy:
Facebook
Flickr
GeckoForm and GeckoChat
Google Analytics
Google Advertising
LinkedIn
Mailchimp
Microsoft Forms
SnapChat
Vimeo
Advertising and remarketing
Some third party cookies are used to help us understand the performance of our marketing activity and improve the relevance of the adverts you see. We also use these to show our adverts on other websites based on your visits to www.bath.ac.uk.
You can opt out of these third party remarketing cookies on the following pages:
change your Google Analytics ad settings
opt out of Google Analytics
opt out of LinkedIn advertising
change your Facebook settings
change your SnapChat preferences
We collect the following information:
physical contact information
online contact information
demographic data
preference data
We will use this data for:
completion and support of the current activity
contacting visitors for marketing of services or products
In all cases, we will only use this information for the stated purpose.
Pages with forms should include a statement on how we will process data submitted to them.
We collect this data so that we can send you news and information which is relevant to your needs and interests.
If you have any questions about this statement or concerns about your data, contact us at web-support@bath.ac.uk or:
Digital Marketing & Communications
University of Bath
Bath
BA2 7AY
