The following text is extracted and transformed from the animation-central.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-18. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Statement
Animation-Central has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site:  Animation-Central
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Newsletters
We run a free stuff newsletter on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like email address). Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Animation-Central is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Children's Guidelines
We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent.
We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent
When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as email) to:
Respond directly to the child's request on a one-time basis and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes.
Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification.
Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity.
We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service.
We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable information collected from their child.
We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected.
We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are unsuitable for children.
We will encourage children to get their parent's permission before sharing personal information online.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving our free stuff newsletter information from us .
You can send email to  webmaster@animation-central.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
