The following text is extracted and transformed from the keybr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-16. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At keybr.com we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on–going operation of one of our services.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, keybr.com collects non–personally–identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. keybr.com’s purpose in collecting non–personally identifying information is to better understand how keybr.com’s visitors use its website. From time to time, keybr.com may release non–personally–identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
keybr.com also collects potentially personally–identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. keybr.com does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally–identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally–Identifying Information
Certain visitors to keybr.com’s websites choose to interact with keybr.com in ways that require keybr.com to gather personally–identifying information. The amount and type of information that keybr.com gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. Those who engage in transactions with keybr.com are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, keybr.com collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitors interaction with keybr.com. keybr.com does not disclose personally–identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally–identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website–related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
keybr.com may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, keybr.com may monitor the most popular pages on this site. keybr.com may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, keybr.com does not disclose personally–identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally–Identifying Information
keybr.com discloses potentially personally–identifying and personally–identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on keybr.com_s behalf or to provide services available at _keybr.com_s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using _keybr.com’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. keybr.com will not rent or sell potentially personally–identifying and personally–identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, keybr.com discloses potentially personally–identifying and personally–identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when keybr.com believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of keybr.com , third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an keybr.com website and have supplied your email address, keybr.com may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with whats going on with keybr.com and our products. We primarily use our website to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. keybr.com takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally–identifying and personally–identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitors computer, and that the visitors browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. keybr.com uses cookies to help keybr.com identify and track visitors, their usage of keybr.com website, and their website access preferences. keybr.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using keybr.com_s websites, with the drawback that certain features of _keybr.com’s websites may not function properly, or you may not be granted access to parts of the website, without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, keybr.com may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in keybr.com’s sole discretion. keybr.com encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
