The following text is extracted and transformed from the sgpbusiness.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-25. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Our Privacy Policy - Singapore Business Directory
Hello
, we are SGP Business. If you would like to learn more about us, please visit our About Us page.
This is our privacy policy, and we appreciate you spending time reviewing it.
If you have any questions or require more information about our policy, please feel free to contact us at our email address, hello@sgpbusiness.com.
SGP Business values the privacy of our visitors, and your privacy is of utmost importance to us.
This page will outline the types of personal information that are received and collected by sgpbusiness.com and how it's used.
Server Logging
SGPBusiness.com is hosted on DigitalOcean and like most website on this internet, SGPBusiness.com may log your Internet Protocol Address, Browser Type (User-Agent), Date and Time of Visit, Referrer Page information, the pages you visited and other relevant information for us to analyse trends and to administer and improve our website and the range of service and information provided.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to store session information to help identify our visitor's public available information.
We may use this information to customize content according to your visit pattern.
Third Party
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our websites and/or other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Google Ads Settings.
Alternatively, you may also choose to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.
We have no access to or control over these cookies used by our Third party vendors or advertisers.
If you have more questions, you should consult the respective privacy policy of our third party vendors on their website on their practices, and how you may opt out from these cookies.
