The following text is extracted and transformed from the kriyayoga.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-23. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Cyberspace Ashram
For every visit to this website, I record visitor's IP Address, location, Operating System, Browser Type, Visit Length and other computer specific information. This type of information is used to learn about user preferences and to make this site more useful and user-friendly as well as to protect me from Cybercrime, hackers and site abuse!
Email Privacy
I respect my visitors' privacy. Hence I never sell, rent or share your email address thru which you might have contacted me or entered during the registration process.
I strictly receive only eMail of public interest. Please avoid sending confidential eMails of any nature and content. Any and every eMail sent to me may be published on this web site if beneficial for the spiritual progress of mankind and/or the purpose of public information and education without prior notification of the sender.Every eMail you send to me is considered of public nature.
I strictly avoid unsolicited eMail - sending and receiving!
Forum use
I do require a full true and complete name to be used in all forum posts as well as all contact by any and all possible means. The use of "alias" strictly leads to account deletion and ban from any and every current and future use of my site! I strictly correspond only with true, honest and sincere individual humans, never with entities nor with corporate bodies of any kind.
Cookie Management and Web beacons
I may access and set cookies using Web beacons, also known as single-pixel GIFs, which are invisible graphical images. These Web beacons tell us useful information regarding my site such as which pages users access.
Third Party Advertisements
The Cyberspace Ashram is mainly financed by my own income resulting from advertising revenues and only to a smallest percentage from ( your ) donation.
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, I have relationships with one or several companies that I allow to place ads on my Web pages. As a result of your visit to the Cyberspace Ashram ad server companies - such as Google's Adsense - may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policy of Google ( Adsense ).
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on the Cyberspace Ashram's web site www.kriyayoga.com.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.kriyayoga.com and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
I use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please disable JavaScript in your browser - for a list of third-party advertising companies and more information aboutthese companies please click here
Contact me for more info
If you have any privacy related issues, you may use the Contact Form, to communicate with me.
Privacy in general
As a spiritual teacher and professional web publisher / site owner, all my data, address and phone number, substantial part of my life-story and much more are since years published on my web site and/or in several legally required and/or commonly used public records available to the general public thru means of Internet. Hence I have no secrets of any kind!
If you have any problems revealing your true name, location or address while contacting me or while using this web site, then I recommend you to strictly refrain from surfing the Cyberspace Ashram as well as to refrain from usage of any of my free online services.
Policy - subject to change without prior notice
Privacy policy may be subject to legally required updates or modifications without prior notification!
God bless
hans
God is Love | Love | Teachings of Love | God's son of Love | Lessons of Love | Learn to say "I love you" | Learn to accept love" | Love tests and Love feedback | Spiritual Forum - Solutions of Love | LoveCards to say "I love you"
OverviewTeachings of Love
