The following text is extracted and transformed from the onads.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-17. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
OnAds.com Game Advertising Network
Effective Jan 11th, 2003
Onads Network to protecting customer privacy online. The following privacy policy applies solely to our internet advertising services.
Cookies
When viewing advertisements shown via the onads network service, you may receive and transmit web cookies. If you would not like to receive and transmit such cookies, you may disable cookies for our site or sites in general within your web browser. You may also opt out of tracking cookies.
Anonymous Information Collected
We or our advertisers may track page or image impression counts by using the information sent to our servers when your browser electronically requests our pages or images. Such information includes, but is not limited to, your Internet Protocol address, information about your web browser such as software make and model, referring link, time of transmission, operating system, window size, and any other information your browser automatically transmits in response to web content.
Personally Identifiable Information Collected
We do not collect personally identifiable information in the process of serving ads.
Third Party Advertisers
By clicking on an advertisement or viewing a pop up or pop under advertisement, you may be visiting the sites of third party advertisers using the onads network service. we're not responsible for the content of such sites and cannot guarantee that those sites will guard your privacy as strictly as we do. Before entering personally identifiable information into a third party site, we strongly recommend viewing the site's privacy policy and determining how your information will be used.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
As our services evolve, this Privacy Policy may be revised to reflect those changes, where applicable. We therefore reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason. Notice of such amendments will be posted as an updated Privacy Policy on this website, and an effective date will be indicated. Users are encouraged to check our site frequently to review the current Privacy Policy in effect.
