The following text is extracted and transformed from the mahalo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-04. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy
If you are a regular visitor to our site:
Mahalo's servers automatically record information when you visit our website, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
Mahalo uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your online experience and to learn about how you use Mahalo in order to improve the quality of our services.
We track all searches in our system.
We keep your IP address on file.
We do not, and could not, cross-reference your searches with your IP address.
What does this mean? All of your searches in our system are 100% anonymous. We are never able to connect a search with a specific person.
If you sign up for a user account, recommend links to our pages, edit any of our pages, participate in our message boards, or participate in Mahalo Answers:
Mahalo collects personal information when you register for a Mahalo user account or otherwise voluntarily provide such information.
We keep your email address on file.
We do not share your email address with anyone.
We do not contact you via your email address unless you have requested that we contact you.
We keep your password on an encrypted file that we do not have the ability to read.
We do not cross-reference your email address with our search logs.
What does this mean? Although your activity on our message boards, in suggesting links, and in editing pages is tracked and tied to your IP address, as well as your email address if you are logged into your Mahalo user account, all of your searches still remain 100% anonymous.
Uses:
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.
We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve Mahalo technologies and services.
We may share aggregated non-personal information with third parties outside of Mahalo.
We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services.
If you have additional questions, please contact us any time: privacy@mahalo.com. Or write to us at:
Mahalo.com, Inc
902 Colorado Avenue
Santa Monica, CA 90401 (USA)
Here at Mahalo, we pride ourselves on providing a view of the Internet free from spam and problematic websites. We want to make your time spent on Mahalo the best Internet experience that we can. For these same reasons, we value your privacy and strive to keep as little information about you and your activities on our site as possible.
