The following text is extracted and transformed from the wisd.us privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-19. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Weslaco Independent School District
Weslaco Independent school district is committed to ensuring the privacy of all our web site users. This document explains our collection and use of personal information.
Collection of Personal Information
Weslaco ISD does not collect personal information about individuals without their knowledge. Personal information may be requested when you engage in any of the following online activities:
Register on our site to use services available only to registered users;
Use District Email;
Submit information for content or editorial purposes, such as news items, letters of opinion, or press releases.
_ ****Use of Personal Information
_
Personal information submitted will not be transferred to any non-affiliated third parties unless otherwise stated at the time of collection.
Information submitted with on line "Email" feature:
When a registered user of email at Weslaco obtains an account, personally identifiable information is stored to provide individual access to the account. No information collected is shared
with any other party or used for any purpose other that to insure the privacy of your account.
Students and Parents
Portions of our site are intended for use by children. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information or use our public discussion areas or forums. Minors under the age of 18 are prohibited from registering on our sites. Each student/parent is given an Student agreement policy for electronic usage form to sign.
If you have questions or concerns about your child's online activities and/or privacy on our web site, contact the District at (956) 969-6557
Security
Weslaco ISD Schools takes reasonable precautions to protect your personal information. When you submit information via the web site, it is protected both online and off-line. When personal information is required, that information is stored in a secure file on our server. This information is not accessible from the web.
We also take precautions to protect user information off-line. All user information is restricted to authorized employees. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific task, for example, a Human Resources Job Specialist, are granted access to personal information. The server used to store personal information is kept in a secure environment.
