The following text is extracted and transformed from the food.gov.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-09. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy policy | Food Standards Agency
How we handle your personal data
The Food Standards Agency is what is known as the ‘Controller’ of the personal data we collect from you or which is provided to us.
When we collect your personal information, we will:
make sure you know why we need it and why we are legally allowed to hold it
only ask for what we need, and not to collect too much or irrelevant information
protect it and make sure nobody has access to it who shouldn’t
let you know if we share it with other organisations
make sure we don’t keep it longer than necessary
All the personal data we process is located on servers within the European union. Our cloud based services have been procured through the government framework agreements and these services have been assessed against the national cyber security centre cloud security principles.
Visitors to our websites
This privacy statement only covers Food Standards Agency websites. It does not cover links within our sites to other websites.
The system will record your email address and other information if volunteered to us by you. This shall be treated as proprietary and confidential. It may be used for internal review and to notify you about updates to our websites.
Your rights
You have a right to see the information we hold on you by making a request in writing to the email address below. If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect you can request to have it corrected. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Our Data Protection Officer in the FSA is the Information Management and Security Team Leader who can be contacted at informationmanagement@food.gov.uk
Privacy notices
We provide privacy notices for the following services:
Advisory Committee on Animal Feedingstuffs
Advisory Committee on the Microbiological Safety of Foods
Animal feed, TSES and animal by-products legislation and policy
Animal Feed Third Country Representation List
Annual surveillance to monitor levels of acrylamide and furans
Advisory Committee on Novel Foods and Processes
Advisory Committee for Social Science
Approved meat establishments and applications for approval
Better Training for Safer Food courses
Board Members
Campylobacter retail survey
Committee on Toxicity (COT)
Correspondence regarding policies on food and feed hygiene, safety and standards
Criminal Investigation and Prosecution Team
Exception reports for Approved Assurance Schemes
External complaints against the FSA
Feed Registrations and Approvals Lists
Food chain information
Food incidents
Food contact materials
Food Hygiene Rating Scheme
Food and You Survey
Freedom of Information requests
FSA Evidence Portfolio including Strategic Evidence Fund
FSA Consultations
FSA Register of Specialists
FSA Science Council
Health, Safety and Wellbeing Unit
Honours and Awards
HR staff data
Invitation and circulation of information about FSA board meetings
Job application and pre-employment screening data
Local authority contacts
Local Authority Enforcement Monitoring System (LAEMS)
Labelling and Standards in Northern Ireland
MyHACCP
Northern Ireland Food Advisory Committee
Northern Ireland Official Controls for Food and Feed
Novel foods and GM foods policy
News and alerts subscription service
National Food Crime Unit
Notification of a prohibited person database
Ongoing information received from individuals as part of the Consultation on the EU Review of Official Controls
Private Office correspondence
Policy development records for meat hygiene
Procurement tenders
Procurement contracts
Regulating Our Future Newsletter
Registering as a milk production holding
Register a food business
Register a food business support service for local authorities
Records from GM research programmes
Reporting a food problem
Stakeholder contact information in Northern Ireland
Stakeholder contact information
Shellfish sanitary survey data
Temporary Certificate of Competence and Certificate of Competence
UK Food Surveillance System
UK Wine Producers
Welsh Food Advisory Committee
Welsh language services
Cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. food.gov.uk puts small files (known as ‘cookies’) onto your computer to collect information about how you browse the site. Find out how we use cookies and how you can control them.
