The following text is extracted and transformed from the footballlocks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-17. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
FootballLOCKS.com: Privacy Policy for online NFL pick purchases at FootballLOCKS.com.
**Football LOCKS.com knows that your privacy is important to you and Football LOCKS.com recognizes and respects your right to maintain your privacy on the web and beyond. **
Football LOCKS.com will not share private information about you with any third party unless forced to do so by law or legal proceedings, or unless Football LOCKS.com has reason to believe you are causing interference or injury to Football LOCKS.com, its agents, principals, representatives, service providers, advertisers or affiliates in which case such information would be used for legal purposes.
All credit card transactions for Football LOCKS.com are processed securely, and your credit card number is not stored on any computer connected to the internet.
The e-mail address you provide in connection with billing of Football LOCKS.com picks will be used to provide you with a receipt for your records as well as to provide you with any make up NFL picks that may be due to you in the event of a game invalidating occurrence as described in our general policies.
If you have subscribed for NFL pick e-mail notification, the e-mail address you provide will be used for NFL pick e-mail notification, updates of pick records, special offers and replacement picks only. You may opt out of Football LOCKS.com NFL pick e-mail notification at any time by revisiting the e-mail sign up page.
Football LOCKS.com may share aggregate demographic information about users to advertisers and others for the purposes of customizing ads for the site. For example, Football LOCKS.com might say that x% of users are of a certain gender, but no personal information will be revealed.
Football LOCKS.com does not and will not link personal information about you to your IP address (your IP address is the number that's automatically assigned to your computer when you're on the net) unless its for legal purposes or Football LOCKS.com feels it's necessary to enforce its policies, protect its interests, and protect the interest of our customers.
Football LOCKS.com makes use of cookies so that you do not have to re-enter certain order information when purchasing a pick. Football LOCKS.com does not store your credit card information using cookies or any other method.
Football LOCKS.com only transmits cookies over a secure server connection.
Football LOCKS.com may contain links to other sites. If you click on such a link, these other sites may make use of cookies (third party cookies). Football LOCKS.com is not responsible for the privacy, the practices, or the content of any such web sites.
By using the Football LOCKS.com web site you are consenting to the privacy policy as described. Football LOCKS.com reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time and in the event that a change has occurred changes will be posted on this page.
View Terms of Service for Site Use
Order picks
Return to main page
