The following text is extracted and transformed from the masalanetwork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-15. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Masala Network: Indian Movie Caps, Stills, Pictures - Bollywood Actresses, Indian Actresses
| **  :: By Owner**
AgentSmith
baba009
bullbuster
CA_chap
Destinywaste
Freedom
manavsony
MasalaTalk
Mr.Photographer
newyorkdada
Nightwatcher
ronak_143
rohitcool
sid311
skv_99
SuperSights
:: By Category
All Categories
Bollywood
Malayalam
Tamil
Telugu
Yesteryear
TV Captures
B-Grade Movies
Remix Songs
|
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and we are commited to safeguarding your privacy while online at Masala Network. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: MasalaNetwork.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. Your IP address or demographic information is never shared with anyone or disclosed to third parties.
Various methods are employed to gather this data. "Cookies" are used to distinguish and relate non personal data to individuals. These are "small strings of text" that are stored in browsers; cookies are not programs that can damage your computer. If you wish to stop the cookie functionality on your browser, you may do so. Our Site uses cookies to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. Information collected using cookies is never shared with anyone or disclosed to third parties.
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad companies, and we do not have access to this information. We work with the ad companies: Gorilla Nation Media, Direct Leads. Please check their websites for respective privacy policies.
This site contains links to other sites. Masala Network is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We make every effort to prevent any loss, or misuse. We try our best to maintain quality of service.
Children's Guidelines (Children under 13)
This site collects and uses personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent. This site allows children to post or distribute any personally identifiable information without first obtaining verifiable parental consent.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site please send a mail to webmaster@masalanetwork.com
|   |  |  |
