The following text is extracted and transformed from the gnarlyguides.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-11. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy and use of Cookies - Gnarly Guides
Privacy Policy
This policy outlines the information Gnarly Guides collects, how we use it and how can you control it. This policy applies to www.gnarlyguides.com (the “Site”) domain. Be aware, that when you follow a link to another site, this privacy policy does not apply and Gnarly Guides does not have any control over what information will be collected from you.
In General
Users may use their names, nicknames, emails, passwords and other optional information in order to place a comment in the comment section or sign up for an account. None of that information is used by Gnarly Guides.
Gnarly Guides user data is stored in the Unites States, and it's servers log some information like: your IP address, time of visit, your browser type.
This Site uses the following services:
Google Adsense (advertising placement service by Google)
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. You can find the AdSense Privacy Policy here.
Cookies
This site uses the “Doubleclick” cookies, which tracks use of gnarlyguides.com and user behavior concerning ads, products and the services we offer. “Doubleclick” cookies contain no personally identifiable information.
A cookie is a small text file that is downloaded onto device (eg a computer or smartphone) when the user accesses a website. It allows the website to recognize that user’s device and store some information about the user’s preferences or past actions.
You may decide to opt out of personalized advertising by disabling “Doubleclick” cookies. It is possible to do so - here .
Third-Party
Gnarly Guides have third-party vendors ( including Google ) and ad networks use cookies to serve ads on our site based on a your prior visits to gnarlyguides.com or other websites
You may visit those websites to opt out of the use of cookies for personalized advertising. Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendors’ uses of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info
