The following text is extracted and transformed from the roamans.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-05-09. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Plus Size Clothing - Fashion for Plus Size women at Roaman's
Last updated on: 03-01-08
REDCATS USA’s Family of Brands offers customer-friendly policies designed to afford you a most secure and safe shopping experience. Click PRIVACY POLICY, YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS, PRIVACY STATEMENT and TERMS OF USE for the details or simply scroll down.
Redcats USA is committed to protecting your privacy.  The purpose of this privacy policy is to assist you in understanding the type of personal information we may collect from you, how such information may be used and the choices that are available to you concerning the use of your information and your ability to correct or modify the information you have provided us.  This policy is only applicable to customers in the United States.
We reserve the right to modify or update this policy from time to time.  The effective date of this policy, as noted above, is the date that this policy was last updated.  We encourage you to periodically review this policy for any changes.  By visiting this web site you agree to be bound to the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access our web site.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, you may email us at PrivacyOfficer@RedcatsUSA.com.  We welcome your feedback and suggestions to help us improve our policy and practices.
Your California Privacy Rights>
The following only applies to California residents.
Redcats USA may from time to time share your personal information with third parties, including our affiliates, licensees and marketing partners, for their direct marketing purposes. If you do not want us to share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please contact each of the appropriate brand or brands by phone or email and request that your information not be shared.
For more information on how your personal information is collected and used, please read our PRIVACY STATEMENT below.
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. To best serve your shopping needs, we endeavor to provide products, services, and offers of value to you. We are able to present meaningful offers to you through the information we collect from our interactions with you, from other customers, and from other parties. Redcats USA has procedures in place to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner.
Our privacy policy addresses the following questions:
Who is Redcats USA?
What Information Does Redcats USA Collect?
How Does Redcats USA Use The Information Collected?
What Information Does Redcats USA Share With Others?
Does Redcats USA use Third-Party Advertising?
How Can I Access And Correct Information Collected?
How Can I Opt Out Of Receiving Further Communications From Redcats USA?
a) How to be Removed from a Paper Catalog Mailing List
b) How to Unsubscribe From E-Mail Marketing List
Are Redcats USA Division Credit Cards available?
Does Redcats USA Send Unsolicited Promotional E-Mails?
How Does Redcats USA Safeguard The Information Collected?
Is My Online Transaction Secure?
Does Redcats USA Use Cookies?
Does Redcats USA Aggregate Information?
What is Redcats USA's Policy With Respect To Data Collection From Children?
Whom Do I Contact If I Have Additional Questions Or Concerns About This Policy?
Information on Magazines Offer.
Links to Other Web Sites
Policy Changes
Who is Redcats USA?
Redcats USA, a member of the Redcats Home Shopping Division of the PPR group, encompasses a group of home shopping brands that offer value-priced home goods, apparel from regular to extended sizes for women and men, and sporting goods. Redcats USA Brands include such well-known names as Chadwick’s, metrostyle, and La Redoute in misses footwear and apparel; Avenue , Woman Within, Roaman’s and Jessica London for women’s extended size footwear and apparel sizes 12W & up; KingSize offering men’s Big and Big/ Tall footwear and apparel from XL to 10XL; BrylaneHome, offering home textile fashions and decorative accessories; and BrylaneKitchen your source for unusual and hard-to-find kitchen and home essentials, super-efficient gadgets, utensils, state-of-the-art cookware, cleaners, organizers, decorating accessories, bathroom fixer-uppers and much more. Our two outlet sites offer discounts from 30% to 80%. Closeout Catalog Outlet offers misses’ apparel and home fashions. Bargain Catalog Outlet offers women’s and men’s plus-size apparel and home fashions. Redcats USA’s brand portfolio also contains leading sporting goods divisions like The Golf Warehouse, The Sportsman’s Guide, __
