The following text is extracted and transformed from the insidetrade.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | InsideTrade.com
Inside Washington Publishers provides you with exclusive, top-quality news on issues affecting federal policies in all areas of interest, including the environment, defense, trade, energy and healthcare. You may obtain this timely and valuable information through a wide variety of daily, weekly, biweekly and monthly services, which include investigative news reports, comprehensive news summaries and issue analyses. In an effort to facilitate use of this wealth of information, you may access Inside Washington Publishers’ content via the Internet. In addition, you may take advantage of a variety of electronic services provided by Inside Washington Publishers. Inside Washington Publishers provides this Internet Privacy Policy to confirm its dedication to your privacy and to encourage broad use of its electronic services.
Information Collected by Inside Washington Publishers
When you browse Inside Washington Publishers web sites, the web servers automatically collect some information about your visit, including your IP address, type of browser software and operating system, the date and time of your visit, the pages visited and the Internet domain from which you accessed Inside Washington Publishers’ web site. This information may be used to verify that only authorized users are accessing our sites, and that this access conforms to underlying subscriber agreements; this information will not be sold or rented to outside parties, unless required by law. Except for the site-monitoring information described above, Inside Washington Publishers does not collect any personal information unless it is voluntarily provided by you after you complete a request for a subscription or service or send an e-mail to Inside Washington Publishers. You will know when you are providing this information because you will be required to complete and submit a form. This form will include information like your name, address, phone number and e-mail address. Some subscriptions or services may involve payment by credit card, and any credit card information provided to Inside Washington Publishers is used only to bill for the requested subscription or service, and is not stored or used by Inside Washington Publishers for any other purpose.
If you would like to see data collected about you, or request that your data be erased, please contact us at privacy@iwpnews.com -- we will respond within 30 days.
Use of Information Collected by Inside Washington Publishers
Inside Washington Publishers is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of our subscribers. Subscriber information collected is used by Inside Washington Publishers to enhance its services and to provide you with additional services. For example, Inside Washington Publishers may use the collected information to determine your interests and to provide you with topical information or notices. If you would rather not receive any such information or promotional materials from Inside Washington Publishers , please send an e-mail message stating your wish to not receive such information to info@iwpnews.com.
Inside Washington Publishers does not disclose any information collected from you to any third-party, unless required by law.
Security Safeguards and Technological Advances
Inside Washington Publishers seeks to maintain the security of all information collected through its web site by protecting against unauthorized access to, and disclosure of, such information. Inside Washington Publishers also seeks to further advance its services by providing additional electronic services as they become available. These changes may cause Inside Washington Publishers to revise its data protection practices and its Internet Privacy Policy. Any changes to the Internet Privacy Policy will be made available at this site.
Additional Services
For additional information about Inside Washington Publishers’ Internet Privacy Policy or to change any information provided to Inside Washington Publishers through this site, please contact us, via e-mail at info@iwpnews.com.
