The following text is extracted and transformed from the inspirationalspark.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-01-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Resources for Inspirational Spark Readers
InspirationalSpark.com does not collect any data from our visitors, other than email addresses for our newsletter subscribers. However, some tools that we use to track statistics and display advertising do collect some information, as explained below.
We use third-party statistics-gathering tools to analyze how our site it used, in order to improve the usefulness of the site. These tools collect information such as the keywords searched on to reach our site, and the pages visited within our site. This information does not include any personally-identifiable information, and cannot be used to identify a specific individual.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
InspirationalSpark.com does collect the first name and email address of newsletter subscribers, when those visitors voluntarily provide it. This information is used exclusively for sending out our email newsletter. We hate spam. We will not sell or rent our subscriber list to anyone, for any reason whatsoever.
Please feel free to write us with any suggestions you may have for other sites, articles, etc.
Follow Us!
Want daily inspirational quotes?
We offer 4 ways:
1) Like us on Facebook!
2) Check out our InspirationalSpark blog!
3) Follow Us on Twitter
4) Set our home page up as your browser start page , and see new quotes every time you open your browser.
(See our quick and easy setup instructions.)
Our Partners
What's New?
Check out our latest additions: Encouraging Words for a Friend,Inspiring Quotes for Difficult Times, Inspiring Sports Quotes, Best Quotes on Happiness and Success, Inspirational Encouraging Quotes, Life Quotes and Sayings, Positive Quotes About Divorce,Letting Go Quotes, My Life Quotes, Best Quotes on Time, Memories Quotes.
We've also created a page to let you know what additions we've made recently to the site. Please check out our What's New page. Our encouragement quotes page is one of most popular, so we thought we'd point out a great source of encouragement greeting cards. Check it out.
Our sister site, QuoteArts.com, offers great inspirational quote greeting cards, inspirational quote note cards, and inspirational quote magnets. They've greatly expanded their collection of Borealis Press Greeting Cards. Check them out - you've probably seen them around, somewhere, and they're either very touching or very, very funny. And, don't forget our collections of inspirational posters and inspirational magnets. We've searched through our partners' stores, and picked out what we consider the best posters and magnets.
Also, if you haven't tried it yet, check out our site search feature, just below the menu on the left. Our site search lets you search using any word or combination of words in a quote or its author, and quickly find the page on our site containing those words. (Surround the words with quotation marks, to search for the specific combination of words.)
We're planning even more new features and services for this year, so please check back often.
