The following text is extracted and transformed from the hrkgame.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-31. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy & Policy | HRKGame.com
HRK Game also referred to as HRKdistribution OÜ (further - Company) located in Laki 25-411, Tallinn, 12195, Estonia is an online distribution platform https://www.hrkgame.com/, designed to distribute video games and softwares in digital form. Company offers such products and services as:
Video games.
HRK Store
Mystery Key
Make Bundle
Giveaway
Dropkey
To find out what personal data will be collected, handled and stored to meet the company`s data protection standards please carefully read our privacy policy.
We assume that our website visitors and customers are informed about our data protection policy and agreed to its conditions.
General provisions
Company aims to ensure that clients and partners are aware that their data is being processed and that they understand:
What data we collect
How the data is being used
How to exercise their rights
Data collect and purposes of processing:
Personal data is any information that can be linked to a person. The data Company collects depends on the services Costumer use.
Company collects contact information for communication with Client. (such as email address)
Company may also collect other information relevant to customer surveys and/ or offers to understand Clients needs and provide with a better service and particular for:
Internal record keeping
Improving products and services
Sending promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which Client may find interesting, only if Client has given consent for it.
Market research purposes, only if Client has given consent for it.
Customize the website according to Clients interests.
Company hold and process only the data absolutely necessary for the completion of its duties (data minimization), as well as limiting the access to personal data to those needing to act out the processing.
Company limits the processing of customer data to a minimum and Client can control what data he or she wants to share with Company.
Personal data will be stored no longer than necessary for the purpose of the processing activity.
This policy applies to all data that the company holds relating to identifiable individuals.
Company doesn`t collect special category data which is more sensitive and needs more protection.
Company also doesn`t process the special categories specifically include genetic data, and biometric data and personal data relating to criminal convictions and offenses.
All the subjects of personal data held by HRKdistribution OÜ are entitled to:
Ask what information the company holds about them and why
Ask how to gain access to it
Be informed how to keep it up to date
Be informed how the company is meeting its data protection obligations
Each client must give his consent to the processing of his personal data and to receive newsletters and special offers by e-mail or telephone.
HRKdistribution OÜ services, not sell its products and services to children undrer 13 years of age.
HRKdistribution OÜ does not knowingly collect information for people under 13 years of age, or, in the case of conscious action. Company will take the agreement of the parent or guardian.
If HRKdistribution OÜ becomes aware that it has collected Personal Data from the Child, Company will do its best to terminate such Personal Data Processing.
To comply with the law, personal information will be collected and used fairly, stored safely and not disclosed unlawfully.
Personal data is collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; further processing for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes shall not be considered to be incompatible with the initial purposes;
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed;
Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, are erased or rectified without delay;
Kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed; personal data may be stored for longer periods insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes subject to implementation of the appropriate technical and organisational measures required by the GDPR in order to safeguard the rights and freedoms of individuals; and
Processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures.
Company understands its responsibility to protect the individual´s interests.
Company has checked that the processing is necessary and there is no less intrusive way to achieve the same result.
Company only uses individuals’ data in ways they would reasonably expect, unless we have a very good reason.
Company is not using people’s data in ways they would find intrusive or which could cause them harm, unless we have a very good reason.
If Company process children’s data, we take extra care to make sure we protect their interests.
Company has considered safeguards to reduce the impact where possible.
Company has considered whether we can offer an opt out.
Collected Data is located in the data storages of Company sub-processors in accordance with paragraph 5. For each position, we have more detailed instructions.
Questions about storing data safety can be directed to the IT manager or sub-processors. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The greatest value of Company is customer satisfaction. Company shall collect and preserve data on customers to best serve customers.
Company needs to gather and use certain information about individuals. These can include customers, suppliers, business contracts, employees and other people the organization has a relationship with or may need to contact.
Personal data should never be transferred outside of the European Economic Area. If any chance of data leakage outside of EU, then policy or processing, NON-EU processor, informed about this policy.
Company`s data protection policy ensures:
Complies with data protection law and follow good practice
Protects the rights of staff, partners, and customers
Is open about how it stores and processes individual`s data
Protects itself from the risks of a data breach
We do not disclose personal information to users of companies, organizations, and individuals not affiliated with HRKdistribution OÜ.
Data subject has rights
The right to be informed. Clients have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data.
The right of access:
confirmation that their data is being processed;
access to their personal data; and
other supplementary information – this largely corresponds to the information that should be provided in a privacy notice.
Information must be provided without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt.
3. The right to rectification is a right for Clients to have inaccurate personal data rectified or completed if it is incomplete. A Client can make a request for rectification verbally or in writing. Company has one calendar month to respond to a request.
4. The right to erasure is a right for Clients to have personal data erased. Clients can make a request for erasure verbally or in writing. Company has one month to respond to a request.
5. The right to restrict processing Individuals have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data. When processing is restricted, you are permitted to store the personal data, but not use it. An individual can make a request for restriction verbally or in writing. You have one calendar month to respond to a request.
6. The right to data portability allows Clients to obtain and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services. It allows them to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability.
7. The right to object to processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); direct marketing (including profiling); and processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
8. Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Privacy Policy helps to protect HRKdistribution OÜ Customers from some very real data security risks.Company considers things like risk analysis, organizational policies and physical and technical measures.
Important contacts for HRKdistribution OÜ Data subject contacts:
HRKdistribution OÜ can be contacted by e-mail info@hrkgame.com and by phone +372 54575725
HRKdistribution OÜ's Data Protection Officer whom you can contact by e-mail address matin@hrkgame.com
12. Google reCAPTCHA
We use Google reCAPTCHA on our website. Google collects some information about users for security reasons.
information collected by reCAPTCHA is held in accordance with the Google Privacy Policy.
