The following text is extracted and transformed from the mpgomatic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-20. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - MPGomatic.com
MPGOMATIC -
The Gas Mileage Calculator
Best Gas Mileage Car
Best Gas Mileage SUV
Best Gas Mileage Van
Best Gas Mileage Truck
Manufacturers
Ford
Honda
Mercedes
Nissan
Mini Cooper
Toyota
Volkswagen
|
The privacy policy here at mpgomatic.com is flat-out-simple.
We don't collect any data on our visitors, other than the standard web server logs. We don't sell any specific visitor information or provide outside access to our newsletter mailing list.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Advertising Cookies
You’re able to access all of the pages at MPGomatic.com for free because this web site is supported by advertising revenue. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Google is one of these third-party vendors, and uses cookies to serve ads on MPGomatic.com. Google uses a special DART cookie that enables it to serve ads to you based upon your visit to this site and others that you visit. This cookie helps by showing you things that are of interest to you.
If you don’t want to have this DART cookie on your computer, you can opt out. We feel you’ll be making a mistake doing that, as you’ll then see random ads that won’t be of much use to you. But hey, life’s full of decisions.
