The following text is extracted and transformed from the mobileworldcongress.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-02. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Cookie Policy - Mobile World Congress
What is a Cookie?
‘Cookies’ are small text files that websites may place on your computer, mobile device or tablet. We use ‘cookies’ and similar technological capabilities, including web beacons (collectively, “Cookies”) to remember what you have done on one of our websites (“Sites” or “Site”) in order to improve your browsing experience, to help remember log-ins, or to provide advertising while visiting a Site.
What is a Web Beacon?
Web beacons are images embedded in a web page. We use web beacons to see which of our email messages are opened or forwarded so we can better understand what types of email messages our customers are interested in and how we can improve our communication with our customers.
Our Policy is Simple.
We ONLY use Cookies to deliver a smooth experience to our Site visitors and to understand how visitors use our Sites. We do this because we want you to have a great experience browsing our Sites, so we can provide you with relevant content and so that we can continually improve the service we provide you.
This means that we DON’T use Cookies to identify you personally as a user of our Sites, and we DON’T use Cookies to target you with advertising.
You can decide whether to accept or reject Cookies from us – it’s your choice.
Why Do We Use Them?
We use different types of Cookies for different functions.
Some Cookies allow you to stay logged in while you browse our Site. If you didn’t have a Cookie for this purpose, you would need to log in every time you loaded a different page from our Site. We think this would be a very annoying experience.
Cookies help us identify which of our articles, discussions, videos or documents are the most popular and what type of journey a visitor has through our Sites. After all, we don’t want to spend a lot of time publishing things no one is interested in.
We place a Cookie when you visit a page on which we show an advertisement. This helps us to collect anonymous information about how frequently advertisements are clicked and to understand how interesting and attractive our advertisements are. We don’t share this information with third parties.
A list of all the Cookies we use, along with our advertising network and technology partners can be found in our Cookie list at the bottom of this page.
Do You Have a Choice Over the Use of Cookies?
Yes. There are a number of options available. You can set your browser either to reject all Cookies, to only allow “trusted” sites to set them, or to accept only those Cookies from those sites which you are using at that moment.
Some of the Functionality of Our Website Will Be Lost If You Delete All Cookies.
All of the ‘popular’ browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings are usually found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. To help you better understand these settings, the following links may be helpful to you, otherwise you should use the ‘Help’ option in your browser for more details.
Chrome
Internet Explorer (Versions 8-11. Use the drop down menu.)
Firefox
Safari
We recommend visiting www.aboutcookies.org. for more information about cookies and how to manage them. You need to understand that deletion of Cookies may remove some functionality of the Site and otherwise make use of the Sites a more difficult experience for you.
Our Main Technology Partners
We work with, and use the following companies to maintain and improve our Sites. We ensure that any company that works with us and collects data, satisfies applicable data protection requirements. If you have any questions at all, please feel free to contact us and we’ll be happy to help.
Google
We use performance type cookies such as Google Analytics to better understand how visitors use our Sites, for example, which pages are viewed, how long customers spend visiting a particular page and how often they return to visit our Sites. This information assists our marketing and sales teams to understand which of our pages are performing well and which pages require improvement. We also use Google Adwords, Dynamic Remarketing and Google Tag Manager.
Addthis
We use AddThis to help us spread our content across the web by making it easy for visitors to bookmark and share content to their favourite social destinations. For more information please see the AddThis Privacy Policy.
Media Innovation Group
We use Media Innovation Group for services that improve the process of acquiring, optimising, and measuring consumer touch points across digital channels.
See MIG website for more information.
Adobe Typekit
On occasions we use Typekit (from Adobe) to enhance website typography. Adobe uses cookies within Typekit to track usage statistics. For more information, visit Adobe’s Cookie Policy.
Clicky
We use Clicky for collecting anonymous website usage statistics. The information that is collected includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/entry/visited/ exit pages, to analyse trends, administer the site, and track user’s movement around the Sites. Clicky sets the “_jsuid” cookie, which allows Clicky to create, for example, the following usage profile. More information can be found in the Clicky Privacy terms.
Eloqua
We use Eloqua to manage our email campaigns as well our CRM systems.
Twitter
GSMA uses a Twitter ‘badge’ and ‘button’ as a quick way for users to post information, articles or stories from our sites to their Twitter account. Using this function requires the user to enter their Twitter account details, but neither this, nor any other personal information is collected by us in this process.
App Nexus
These cookies allow us and our partners to target tailored advertising through the App Nexus platform. Anonymous data is collected on ad views, IP address (for location), page views & hardware/software type. Cookies can last for up to 3 years. App Nexus is compliant with US and EU advertising regulatory bodies, to learn more visit the App Nexus privacy policy.
WordPress
WordPress provide the platform for the content of certain of our Sites. WordPress uses cookies, or tiny pieces of information stored on your computer, to verify who you are. There are cookies for logged in users and for commenters.
