The following text is extracted and transformed from the quomon.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-16. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Quomon.com - Questions and Answers for IT & Graphic Design Professionals
Privacy
This privacy policy describes how we will handle the personal data that is provided by our users. We collect, use, store in data files, and share such personal data to help the Quomon website work and keep it safe (details are below). When you access Quomon's site and services you accept the conditions provided and detailed in this policy and grand your consent to Quomon in order to carry out the data processing provided herein. This policy is effective 05/20/2006.
Limitation of Liability : Information posted on Quomon is publicly available. Our servers are located in Denmark and the United States. Therefore, if you choose to provide us with your personal information you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers in Denmark and the United States. We collect and store in data files the following personal data.
Email address, physical contact information, languages spoken, professional information, and all other information posted on your personal profile:
Computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from Quomon and ad data (these are all accomplished through cookies and you can take steps to disable cookies on your browser though it is very likely that it will affect your ability to use our services in the most effective manner.)
Other information including the users IP address and other standard web log information
Use of Information : We use the user's personal information to:
Provide our services;
To collect fees, troubleshoot problems, and or resolve disputes between parties;
Encourage safe trading and enforce our stated policies;
customize users' experience, measure the interest of our services, and inform users about services and updates to our services;
perform other functions for our users as is described when we collect the information
Disclosure : We dont sell or rent personal data given to Quomon to third parties for their marketing purposes without the users explicit consent. We may disclose personal information to respond to any legal requirements, respond to claims that a posting or content violates other's rights, enforce our policies, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety. We may also share and disclose your personal data to:
corporate affiliates or partner companies who help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and provide any joint services in conjunction with ours. (Or joint affiliates will only market to users who ask them to)
Service providers who help with our day to day business operations
Using Information from Quomon : You may use personal information gathered from Quomon only to follow up with another user or users about a job offering, valid question, or answer. You may not use personal information to send spam or collect personal data from someone who hasnt agreed to that.
Access, Modification, Cancellation and Objection : You can modify, cancel, or access your personal data or object to any processing of such personal data by logging into your account and performing the relvant actions to the task you want to accomplish.
Security : We use many tools (passwords, encryuption, physical security, etc) to protect your personal information on Quomon against unauthorized access and disclosure, but Quomon makes no guarantees or warrantees associated with the security of this information.
General : We may update this policy at any time, with the new updates being in effect when you next use Quomon or after 30 days, whichever takes place first. If Quomon or our corporate affiliates are involved in a merger or acquisition, we may share personal data with another company but this policy will still apply.
