The following text is extracted and transformed from the nvcc.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-25. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Website Privacy :: Northern Virginia Community College
Policy Number: 518
Categorized:Information Technology
Responsible Office: VP of Instructional and Information Technology
Subject: Policy and procedures governing the collection of personal information on the College website
Related Policies:
Forms:Employee Acceptable Use Agreement, Employee Ethics Agreement, VCCS IT Student/Patron Ethics Agreement
Additional Information:
Effective Date: 11/07/2000
Last Reviewed Date:
1.0 Scope
This policy applies to all users of the Northern Virginia Community College website.
2.0 Policy Statement
It is the policy of the Commonwealth of Virginia that agencies of the Commonwealth will collect and retain personal information about citizens only to the extent necessary to provide the service or benefit desired; collect only appropriate information; provide the reason the information is collected so that citizens shall understand that reason clearly and enable citizens to examine their personal record, which is maintained by a public body.
The Northern Virginia Community College Website:
May collect one or more of the following pieces of personal information: your email address, name, social security number, date of birth, phone number or course assignments. Any of this information is collected to meet your specific online requests. If you choose not to provide this personal information, you will be unable to receive some of the services this website offers.
Collects your IP address, pages browsed, and date and time of your visit. This information is used for internal College statistical purposes only.
Uses temporary cookies (i.e., files which may contain a variety of information) on some Web pages for screen colors and graphics or to track movement on the site, but will not place them permanently on your hard drive. When you exit the website, the file is automatically removed.
May link to other websites that may or may not collect data that does not have a relationship to the College through using cookies. You should check for a policy on the linked to Web page.
Safeguards any information gathered in compliance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and does not supply any gathered information to other individuals or organizations, except in compliance with those laws.
3.0 Definitions
N/A
4.0 Procedures
N/A
5.0 Authority
VCCS Information Security Standard
NOVA Administrative Council (November 7, 2000)
