The following text is extracted and transformed from the goodtricks.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-25. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy and Cookies
Use Of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website.
Cookies are small files saved to the user's computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, to provide the users with a more tailored experience and third party advertisers to provide more relevant and targeted advertising throughout the site. Cookies cannot scan or retrieve your personal information.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors. Cookies can be managed in the relevant browser settings or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security The followig link lets you manage cookies on Google Chrome - Manage Cookies in your browser
Measuring Our Visitors
We measure visitors to our website using Awstats and Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous – so we don’t know who you are; just that  _somebody  _visited our site.
The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site, from which country and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to help us make our website better.
You can learn more about Google Analytics or opt out if you wish.
Third Party Advertisements
Some third-party advertisements such as Google Adsense may be provided by Google, which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the DoubleClick or DART cookie, which enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visits to this site and other sites on the Web. You may opt out of the use of these cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
You may come accross some links to products from an affiliate partners such as Amazon.com which use cookies. More information on Amazon.com use of cookies can be found at Amazon.com Privacy Notice
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Embedded Videos
The embedded Youtube videos on the site can also leave tracking cookies on your computer to facilitate efficient choice af ads on the videos. More info at Google Ads link.
Links To Other Websites
Goodtricks.net contain links to third party websites and services. The fact that we link to a website or service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies, use of cookies or practices. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this Privacy Policy. ****
Resources About Cookies And Managing Cookies.
Allaboutcookies.org
How Google Uses Data
Google Chrome – Manage your cookies and site data
Microsoft Internet Explorer – Deleting and managing cookies
Mozilla Firefox – Cookies
Main Magic Menu
