The following text is extracted and transformed from the top10-world.org privacy policy that was archived on 2014-03-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Disclosure & Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy - Thanks for visiting Topandbest.org . By veiwing this blog, you agree with the practices described in this privacy policy. We do not use or collect any kind of information of users but our third party advertising partners use cookies to serve ads.
Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons-   Although we don't use cookies but our advertising partners use cookies to serve content related ads or interest based ads and we don't have any control on third party advertising partners but don't worry because we use only safe advertising partners such as Google, Infolinks etc who don't share your personal information.
We also use some affiliate networks to support our site. Some of our third party advertisers and affiliate partners may use any kind of technology like cookies and web beacons on the site and we don't have control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers as Google Adsense, Infolinks etc.To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
DoubleClick Dart Cookies - We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, you can read more about Google Ads & DoubleClick Dart Cookies by visiting this web address Advertising Policies & Principles of Google.
Images Copyright Policy  - Images are collected from different resources of the web such as image sharing sites, social networking sites etc. We only use that kinds of images which are available on the web for reuse. Here we have listed some sites, which we use for blog posts. Google Advance Image search ,  commons.wikimedia.org, everystockphoto, Findicons , iconfinder , Flickr , Photobucket, Imageshack & some popular image sharing websites.
However if you are the creator of any image and hold copyright for the image and don't want us to display your image on our blog post, you can contact us with your copyright information, so that we can remove your image immediately from our blog. Don't hesitate for this matter.
