The following text is extracted and transformed from the topdocumentaryfilms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-24. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy - Top Documentary Films
This page discloses the information about how we and our partners gather and disseminate your data when you visit https://topdocumentaryfilms.com.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form (name and email address), the visitor's IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. If you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Additionally, when submitting your comment, you may opt-in to saving your name and email address in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for 72 hours after which they will automatically expire, meaning after 72 hours you'll need to manually fill your details again if you want to leave further comments.
2. Ratings:
Documentaries on this site can be rated. When you rate a documentary this site will record an anonymized string (also called a hash) created from your IP address and your Host/Internet Service Provider (ISP). Also, this site will place a recognizable cookie on your computer. We record this particular data so you're unable to rate the same documentary multiple times. This data is not tied to any personally identifiable information of yours.
We purge these logs every two years, meaning their retention on this site could be up to maximum of two years, depending on when you've performed a rating relative to our purge date. The next rating data purge will be performed on 12/30/2020.
----------------------------------
The following are third-party services that we use on this website which may gather your data:
3. Contact form:
For the purpose of providing means for getting in contact with our visitors we use contact form on this page. When using that form your data is being sent to Formspree and your message is forwarded back to us as if you're directly sending us email, meaning we do not process nor store any sensitive information on our servers. You can read their privacy policy (PDF file) about what information they retain. If you don't want to use the form, you can email us directly to our email address.
4. Akismet:
We use an anti-spam plugin called Akismet. Akismet collects information about visitors who comment on this site. Namely IP address, user agent, and referrer (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, email address, and the comment itself). Learn how they process your comment data.
5. Analytics:
This site tracks and collects anonymous analytics data via Google Analytics. We use this tool in order to understand our audience and to improve the site. We do not collect data for Display and Search Remarketing , and/or User-ID. We also have made sure no personally identifiable information (PII) is sent by anonymizing visitors' IPs. Learn how Google uses data on their partners' sites. Further more, learn how to opt-out and how Google Analytics is safeguarding your data.
6. Newsletter management and distribution:
When you decide to subscribe to our newsletter we use services offered by MailerLite. In this process, with your permission, we collect your email address and store it at the above mentioned partner's servers in order to be able to send our newsletters (basically feed broadcasts sent over email) in an organized and timely fashion. You can unsubscribe from this service at will at any time by using the "unsubscribe" link in every email we send you. If for some reason you don't want to use the "unsubscribe" link you can contact us directly and we will manually remove your email address from our mailing list.
7. Advertising:
We use third-party advertising networks (Google AdSense, Amazon's Unified Ad Marketplace (UAM) and Media.net) to serve ads when you visit our website. Our settings at AdSense are such that DO NOT allow collection, storage or use of any personal data for ad targeting of European Economic Area (EEA) visitors, meaning Google will show only non-personalized ads to our users in the EEA. UAM and Media.net ads are not displayed at all for EEA visitors.
Having said that, these ad networks will still place cookies on your computer to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse. To learn more about these companies practices you can visit Google's Privacy Policy, Amazon Privacy Notice and Media.net Privacy Policy. If you would like more information visit Network Advertising Initiative, Digital Advertising Alliance, and/or Google Ads Settings.
8. Videos:
We generally embed videos from YouTube, Vimeo and Dailymotion. When watching a video on our website these websites may collect your information. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with the embedded videos, including tracing your interaction with the embedded videos if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
What they collect, retain and disseminate you can read at their respective pages. YouTube has a general privacy policy about their practices on their "partner" sites, Vimeo has a Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, and even a Privacy Complaint Form. Also, Dailymotion states what they collect at their respective privacy policy page.
9. Affiliate links:
We are a participant in the Amazon Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. This means that some of the links on this site are "Amazon affiliate links". When you click on one of those links, you will leave this site and land on an Amazon.com page. If you decide to purchase an item from Amazon.com, through our link, we will receive an affiliate commission. However, we only recommend products (documentaries) that we believe are worth purchasing and will add value to our visitors. If you want to know more about how Amazon.com uses your data visit Amazon Privacy Notice.
Last updated: 12/30/2018
