The following text is extracted and transformed from the business-directory-uk.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2017-07-27. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | UK Business Directory
What information do we collect?
The UK Business Directory collects information from you when you fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information the UK Business Directory collects from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalise your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions for Business Directory listings
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested.
How do we protect your information?
The UK Business Directory implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
The UK Business Directory implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, The UK Business Directory may include or offer third party products or services. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Your Consent
By using the UK Business Directory, you consent to our privacy policy.
Business Directory Index:
Business Services (526)
Air Conditioning, Audio & Video, Catering, Cleaning Services, Conferences, Consultants, Conventions and Trade Shows, Corporate, Design, Directories, Human Resource Training, Immigration & Visas, Management Training, Marketing and Advertising, Office Supplies, Outsourcing, Photography, Printing, Publishers, Removals & Relocation, Team Building, Telecommunications, Training, Translation Services, Video Production
Computers & Internet (139)
Computer Consumables, Computer Hardware, Computer Software, Computer Networking, Data Recovery, Internet Services, Search Engine Optimisation, Web Design, Web Hosting
Entertainment (212)
Art, Bingo, Dance, Games, Marquees, Music, Outdoors, Sports, TV & Radio, Tickets
Finance & Legal (140)
Accountants, Banks & Building Societies, Credit Cards,
Debt Management, Financial Services, Insurance, Loans, Mortgages, Offshore Services, Solicitors & Law
Home and Garden (351)
Architecture, Bathrooms & Kitchens, Bedroom, Building &
Construction, Conservatories, Interior Design and Planning, DIY do it yourself, Electricians, Estate Agents, Flooring, Furnishing and Fixtures, Garages and Workshops, Gardens, Letting Agents, Lighting, Property, Utilities, Windows & Blinds
Industrial & Commercial (140)
Agriculture, Buildings & Office Space, Engineering, Fulfillment, Industrial Supplies, Manufacture, Packaging, Prototyping, Scientific, Security, Storage, Transport
Shopping (113)
Antiques, Auctions, Cars, Greeting Cards, Clothing, Electrical, Flowers, Food, Free Stuff, Furniture, Gifts and Occasions, Hair and Beauty, Jewellery, Lingerie, Mobile Phones, Retailers, Wine
Society (126)
Animals and Pets, Babies, Charities, Children, Dating Agencies, Education, Employment & Jobs, Health, Marital Aids, Nursing Homes, Weddings, Women
Travel & Tourism (144)
Accommodation, Airport Parking, Bed & Breakfast, Flights, Holidays, Hotels
