The following text is extracted and transformed from the anarieldesign.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-09. Please check the original snapshot on the Wayback Machine for the most accurate reproduction.
Privacy Policy | Anariel Design
We at Anariel Design (Ana & Marko Segota GbR) take data privacy very seriously. We also recognise the importance of protecting and respecting your personal data. The privacy policy is there to inform you what personal data we collect on our site, how we use that data and whom you can contact regarding your personal data.
What data is being collected?
When using our site there are different types of Personal Data that might be collected. The data might be collected by the site itself or through third parties. These are: Cookies, Usage Data, first name, last name, email address and website.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Website.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Website is required by the Website to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Website and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
How the data is collected?
On anarieldesign.com website some personal data might be collected in a couple of ways.
Blog comments – if you post a comment on one of our blog posts our site will collect your name, email address and optionally a website. This data is stored on our server located in Germany.
Email contact – when you contact us via a contact form on our site we collect your name and email address to be able to reply to your request in a personal manner. This data is stored on our server located in Germany.
Newsletter subscription – if you subscribe to our newsletter, your email address will be collected by a 3rd party newsletter service Convertkit that enables us to send you requested content. Convertkit is a US based company and the data is stored on their servers. Here you can check Convertkit  Privacy Policy.
Creating a user account – you might want to create an account to get access to support or theme updates. In the process, we collect your name and email address to create an account in aMember membership software. Besides that, IP address is collected by the system for security purposes. Amember is a 3rd party software that offers a sophisticated membership platform for our users. This data is stored on our server.
Product Purchase – when you decide to purchase one of the products on this website you’ll be forwarded to the Fastspring website for the purchase process and order fulfilment. FastSpring is a reliable and authorized reseller of software and other digital products with headquarters in the US. All the payment data you provide on their site is stored on their servers. Here you can check Fastspring  Privacy Policy.
Who might we share your data with?
Google Analytics – We share your IP address with analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site
YouTube – is a video content visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Website to incorporate the content of this kind on its pages. Data collected: cookies and usage data.
Gravatar – is an image visualization service provided by Automattic Inc. that allows this Website to incorporate the content of this kind on its pages. Data collected: email address and usage data.
Convertkit – is an email address management and message sending service provided by Convertkit LLC. Data collected: email address.
Social networks and other websites – Our website includes links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit Personal Information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
We do not otherwise share or supply personal information to third parties. We do not sell or rent your personal information to marketers or third parties.
What do we do with your data?
The data we collect from you is used to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient and customised experience. By submitting your information on this website, you agree that we may use your information for the following purposes:
Fulfilling Your Requests – we use your e-mail addresses to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
Customer Service – We communicate with our users on a regular basis via email to provide requested services and help you manage your account. As we are obligated to send these communications to current customers, if you do not wish to receive these communications at all, then, unfortunately, you must close your account.
Email Marketing – we also use your email address to send you other types of communications that you can control, including information about new themes, customer surveys and special promotions.
How Long Do We Keep Hold of Your Information?
We retain data for the purposes of reporting and backup for a period of up to five years. Where you have requested that we do so, we will take steps to delete your data from our system.
How can I access information you hold about me?
You may exercise certain rights regarding your Data processed by the Owner.
Users entitled to broader protection standards (e.g. EU citizens) may exercise any of the rights described below. In all other cases, Users may inquire with the Owner to find out which rights apply to them.
In particular, you have the right to do the following:
withdraw your consent at any time
object to processing of your Data
access your Data
verify and seek rectification
restrict the processing of your Data
have your Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed
receive your Data and have it transferred to another controller
Cookie Policy
Anariel Design is using cookies to improve your experience of our Website. When you visit our Website, our servers send a cookie to your web browser. You can delete these cookies at any time. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify an individual. Cookies merely recognize the web browser. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information.
Owner and data controller:
Ana & Marko Segota GbR
Wolf-Dietrich-Str. 7
83395 Freilassing
Germany
Updated : May 22, 2018
